(first lines; the screen shows a dark background as Lightning McQueen's voice is heard, inhales and exhales deeply)

Lightning McQueen: Okay, here we go. Focus. Speed. I am speed.

(Then, the screen shows some race cars whizzing past on a racetrack, then goes back to dark again)

Lightning McQueen: One winner. 42 losers. I eat losers for breakfast.

(Then, the screen shows McQueen from the back of his left side as his car accelerates and gains on a race car. Then, the screen goes dark again)

Lightning McQueen: Breakfast? Wait, maybe I should have had breakfast? A little breaky could be good for me. No, no, no, stay focused. Speed!

(Then, the screen shows race cars whizzing along the racetrack as the camera moves to the right. The screen then goes dark again)

Lightning McQueen: I'm faster than fast, quicker than quick! I am Lightning!

Mack: (pounds on his trailer door) Hey Lightning, you ready?

Lightning McQueen: (Real Gone plays as the trailer door opens) Oh, yeah. Lightning's ready.

(McQueen revs his engine, and his different body parts are shown as he drives slowly out of the trailer with his face visible. He then revs his engine again as the crowd cheer. The camera then shows the audience on the stadium seats, then an aerial view of the Motor Speedway of the South circuit, then a cameraman aiming a camera at the circuit. The camera then shows McQueen on the television screen on the scoring pylon. Then the camera shows the circuit from as high as the audience seats, and zooms in on McQueen)

Lightning McQueen: Ka-chow!

(The camera then shows the race, as it shows the cars zooming and whooshing along. McQueen then overtakes six cars. He then gets blocked by two cars named Floyd Mulvihill and Rusty Cornfuel, and rides his right wheels on the wall to overtake the two cars. The camera then shows McQueen on the television screen on top of the scoring pylon as he winks, Mia and Tia screams, the camera then shows the audience cheering, then it skips to a truck named Brian selling some souvenirs)

Brian: Get your antenna balls here!

(The camera then shows the racers whooshing along, then it shows some RVs, the camera zooms in on two RVs named Larry and R.M., who are cheering)

Larry: You got that right, Slick. (whistles)

(Then, the camera shows some of the racers in the pits as the air wrenches are heard whirring. It goes to different racers as they have their pit stops, and ends with one of the racers exiting back onto the track. The camera shows some people going into the toilets, as there is a long queue for the women. Then it shows in the crowd an RV named Elvis, who is dancing to Real Gone, the camera then shows Chick Hicks as he purposely hits a racer named Lee Revkins off the track, Lee Revkins grunts, and screams, slides away, the camera shows The King overtaking Chick, and he drives away revving his engine)

Bob Cutlass: (Then the camera shows Bob Cutlass and Darrell Cartrip, car versions of Bob Costas and Darrell Waltrip, announcing the race] Welcome back to the Dinoco 400, I'm Bob Cutlass, here with my good friend, Darrell Cartrip, we're midway through what may turn out to be a historic day for racing.

Darrell Cartrip: Bob, my oil pressure's through the roof right now. If this gets any more exciting, they're gonna have to tow me outta the booth!
Bob Cutlass: Right you are, Darrell. Three cars are tied for the season points lead, heading into the final race of the season. And the winner of this race Darrell, will win the season title and, the Piston Cup. Does The King, Strip Weathers, have one more victory in him before retirement?
Darrell Cartrip: He's been Dinoco's golden boy for years! Can he win them one last Piston Cup?
Bob Cutlass: And, as always, in the second place spot we find Chick Hicks. He's been chasing that tailfin his entire career.
Darrell Cartrip: Chick thought this was his year, Bob. His chance to finally emerge from The King's shadow. But the last thing he expected was... Lightning McQueen!
Bob Cutlass: You know, I don't think anybody expected this. The rookie sensation come into the season unknown. But everyone knows him now.
Darrell Cartrip: Will he be the first rookie to win a Piston Cup and land Dinoco?
Bob Cutlass: The legend, the runner up, and the rookie! Three cars, one champion!
(The camera then shows the racers. Chick is trying to overtake Strip Weathers, who was blocking his way. McQueen then catches up to Chick as they try to get ahead of one another)

Chick: Oh, no, you don't. [McQueen then moves to the left and finally overtakes Chick's, McQueen chuckles, Chick then gains on McQueen as Real Gone ends. Chick Hicks then bumps McQueen, causing him to slide off the track onto the infield. The crowd is heard booing to what had happened.]
Fans: Ooh. What a ride!
Chick: [laughs]
Fans: Go get 'em, McQueen! Go get 'em! We love you, Lightning! [whistles, McQueen then drives back on the track, behind all of the other racers. Chick then looks back to see McQueen far behind him.]
Chick: Dinoco is all mine. [bumps a race car named Winford Bradford Rutherford, slides into the wall, and collides with all of the other racers]
Darrell Cartrip: Trouble, turn-3!
Chick: [chuckles] Get through that, McQueen.
Bob Cutlass: Oh, no, a huge crash behind the leaders!
Fans: [gasps, the camera then shows all of the different racers as they collide, with one flying through the air, and one losing its tire. Claude and another racer named Billy Oil changer then stop, facing towards each other. Claude Scruggs giggles, grunts as he gets hit by another racer, gasps as another racer named Todd Marcus comes towards him, Claude then gets hit by Todd, ending upside down on Todd's roof, Claude Scruggs and Todd Marcus screams, then the camera shows McQueen, who is driving through the wreckage and dodging the other racers]
Bob Cutlass: Wait a second, Darrell. McQueen is in the wreckage.
Darrell Cartrip: There's no way the rookie can make it through! Not in one piece that is. [McQueen's continues dodging the other racers who are sliding across the track. Then he bounces on Claude's undercarriage up into the air, McQueen exhales deeply and having his tongue down. Then he moves his tire towards the audience, as a reflection of McQueen's bolt sticker shines on them]
Mia & Tia: Lightning, oh! [sighs]
Darrell Cartrip: [McQueen's then lands back on the ground] Look at that, McQueen made it through!
Bob Cutlass: Man, a spectacular move by Lightning McQueen.
Lightning McQueen: Yeah! Ka-chow!
Fans: McQueen! McQueen! McQueen! McQueen! McQueen! McQueen! McQueen!
Albert Hinkey: Yeah McQueen! Ka-chow! [honks his horn, while the crowd members around him are disgusted by its loud noise]
Bob Cutlass: While everyone else heads into the pits, McQueen stays out to take the lead!
Broken car: [While Bob is talking, a pace car named Charlie Checker appears in front of McQueen. Then the camera then shows a tow truck named Tow towing a damaged racer called Chuck Armstrong] Don't take me out coach. I can still race! [The camera then shows most of the other racers having a pit stop. It then shows Chick, while his pities are changing his tires.]
Chick: [chuckles] What do you think boys? A thing of beauty.
Chick's coach: McQueen made it through!
Chick: What?! [The camera then shows the TV screen, which McQueen is still on the track.]
Chick's coach: He's not pitting!
Chick: Come on, you gotta get me out there! Let's go, gotta get me back out there! Come on!
Bob Cutlass: McQueen's not going into the pits!
Darrell Cartrip: You know the rookie just fired his crew chief? That's the third one this season!
Bob Cutlass: [The other racers are seen driving through the pit lane back onto the track] Well, he says he likes working alone, Darrell. [While Bob is talking, Chick is seen ending his pit stop as the other racers are driving past him, Chick then starts off, getting in the middle of the queue.]
Chick's coach: Go, go, go!
Bob Cutlass: Looks like Chick got caught up in the pits.
Darrell Cartrip: Yeah, after a stop like that, he's got a lot of ground to make up. Get ready boys, we're coming to the restart! [The crowd cheers as the race restarts with McQueen progressing through in first place. Meanwhile, Chick is struggling to get past the other racers, overtaking a racer named Greg Candyman, McQueen continues progressing through the race in the lead, after overtaking a racer named Ponchy Wipeout, then the King overtakes a white car named Matthew Overtaker. Finally, McQueen comes into the pits. His pit crew arrives, with the crew chief named Not Chuck, putting fuel into McQueen]
Not Chuck: We need tires now! Come on, let's go!
Lightning McQueen: No, no, no, no! No tires, just gas! [drives away]
Not Chuck: WHAT?!?! YOU NEED TIRES YOU IDIOT!!!!! [One of the pities slams a tire onto the ground in a rage.]
Darrell Cartrip: Looks like it's all gas-and-go's for McQueen today.
Bob Cutlass: That's right. No tires again.
Darrell Cartrip: Normally I'd say that's a short-term gain, long-term loss, but it's sure is workin' for him. He obviously knows somethin' we don't know.
[The scene continues progressing through the race, with McQueen having a huge lead and starting the last lap.]

Bob Cutlass: This is it, Darrell, one lap to go and Lightning McQueen has a huge lead.
Darrell Cartrip: Aw, he's got it in the bag. Call in the dogs and put out the fire! We're gonna crown us a new champion! [all cheering and whistling, Mia and Tia screams]
Lightning McQueen: Checkered flag, here I come! [Suddenly, one of McQueen's rear tires blows]
Darrell Cartrip: Oh, no! McQueen's blown a tire!
[crowd gasps]

Bob Cutlass: And with only one turn to go! Can he make it?
Lightning McQueen's crew: You fool! [A tempermental pittie g'runts and knocks down a cart of tires, McQueen is struggling to get to the finish line while his bare wheel causes sparks on the track. The camera then shows the King and Chick as they see McQueen's wheel on the TV screen with no tire.]
The King's Coach: [on radio] McQueen's blown a tire, McQueen's blown a tire! Go, go, go, go, go, go!
Darrell Cartrip: [The King and Chick then go faster as McQueen is driving slightly slower with one tire losts, McQueen grunts as he falls and finally lands onto the ground, Bob leaves him grunting, suddenly, he loses another tire.] He's lost another tire! The King and Chick are coming up fast!
Bob Cutlass: They're entering turn-3!
Lightning McQueen: Come on! [He grunts as he falls and finally lands onto the ground, the camera shows the other racers catching up.]
Darrell Cartrip: I don't believe what I'm watching, Bob! Lightning McQueen is 100 feet from his Piston Cup! [McQueen gasps and continuously does several jumps towards the finish line as the King and Chick are getting closer, Chick growls and finally gets beside the King, but not in front of him]
Bob Cutlass: The King and Chick rounding turn-4. [McQueen is still jumping continuously towards the finish line as the King and Chick get closer and closer.]
Darrell Cartrip: Down the stretch they come! Finish! Finish! [The King and Chick cross the finish line along with McQueen stretching his tongue out over it.]
Bob Cutlass: It's too close to call! Too close to call!
Darrell Cartrip: I don't believe it! I don't believe it!
Mia & Tia: Lightning! [Screams, all cheering]
Darrell Cartrip: I don't believe it! I still don't believe it!
Bob Cutlass: [while Darrell is talking] The most spectacular, amazing unequivocally, unbelievable ending in the history of the world! And we don't even know who won!
Darrell Cartrip: Look at that! [The officials are then shown watching replays of the finish at different angles. Meanwhile, one of the security officers, named Richard Clayton Kensington, notices someone watching them with a camera.]
Richard Clayton Kensington: Hey, no cameras! Get outta here! [The screen shows from a reporter's camera filming Kori Turbowitz with McQueen and his pit crew as the Rust-eze pitties change his tires]
Kori Turbowitz: We're here live in Victory Lane, awaiting the race results. McQueen that was quite a risky move, not taking tires.
Not Chuck: Tell me about it.
Kori Turbowitz: Are you sorry you don't have a crew chief out there?
Lightning McQueen's Crew: [laughs]
Lightning McQueen: [Chuckles] Oh, Kori, there's a lot more to racing than just winning. I mean, taking the race by a full lap, where's the entertainment in that? No, no, no, I wanted to give folks a little sizzle.
Not Chuck: Sizzle?
Lightning McQueen: Am I sorry I don't have a crew chief? No, I'm not. Cause I'm a one-man show.
Not Chuck: What? Oh, yeah right.
Kori Turbowitz: [to the TV audience] That was a very confident Lightning McQueen. Coming to you live from Victory Lane, I'm Kori Turbowitz.
Cameramen: [Kori then drives away, while the reporter tries to get McQueen's bolt sticker on the TV screen. Not Chuck was blocking the view while changing one of McQueen's tires] Hey, get out of the shot!
Lightning McQueen: Yo, Chuck, what are you doing? You're blocking the camera! Everyone wants to see the bolt!
Not Chuck: WHAT?!
Lightning McQueen: Now, back away.
Not Chuck: [grunts and slams his air wrench towards the ground] UGH, THAT'S IT!! Come on, guys! [The Rust-eze pitties then leave, as one of the pitties drops his side onto the ground]
Lightning McQueen: Ow! Whoa, team! Where are you going?
Not Chuck: WE QUIT, MR. ONE-MAN SHOW!
Lightning McQueen: Oh, oh, oh, oh, okay, leave. Fine! [laughs] How will I ever find anyone else who knows how to fill me up with gas?
[The crowd then laughs]

Lightning McQueen: Adios, Chuck!
Not Chuck: AND MY NAME'S NOT CHUCK!
Lightning McQueen: Oh, whatever.
Chick: Hey, Lightning! Yo, McQueen, seriously, that was some pretty darn nice racin' out there. [suddenly makes a sudden move] BY ME! [Chuckles] Welcome to the Chick era, baby! The Piston Cup, it's mine, dude. It's mine. Hey, fellas, how do you think I'd look in Dinoco blue? DINOCO BLUE! [Continues chuckling]
Lightning McQueen: In your dreams, Thunder.
Chick: Yeah, right. Thunder? What's he talkin' about, "Thunder"?
Lightning McQueen: You know, because thunder always comes after... Lightning! [poses to the crowd] Pew, ka-ka-pow! [to his pitties]
Chick: Who here knew about the thunder thing?
Chick's crew: I didn't.
Cameramen: [The crowd then tries to take pictures of McQueen posing his flashing bolt sticker to them] Give us the bolt! That's right. Right in the lens. Show me the bolt, baby! Smile, McQueen! Show me the bolt, McQueen! That's it!
Tex: [Electronic music plays as the screen then shows some people entering the Dinoco tent, and some others chattering as they take pictures of the Dinoco Girls on stage. Then it shows Tex Dinoco, The King and Lynda Weathers] Oh, we that was one close finish. You sure made Dinoco proud. Thank you, King.
The King: Well, Tex, you've been good to me all these years. It's the least I could do.
Lynda Weathers: Whatever happens, you're winner to me, you old daddy rabbit.
The King: Thanks, dear. We wouldn't be nothing without you.
[Then the screen shows McQueen behind the Piston Cup stage, posing his bolt sticker the crowd. Then Mia and Tia screams for McQueen]

Mia: I'm Mia.
Tia: I'm Tia.
Mia & Tia: We're like your biggest fans! Ka-chow! [they flash McQueen with their headlights]
Lightning McQueen: I love being me. [Then two police officers come up to move Mia and Tia away.]
Security: Okay, girls, that's it.
Mia & Tia: We love you, Lightning, we love you, more!
[McQueen laughs, and blows a kiss to Mia and Tia. Then The King comes up.]

The King: Hey, buddy. You're one gutsy racer.
Lightning McQueen: Oh, hey, Mr. The King.
The King: You got more talent in one lug nut than a lot of cars has got in their whole body.
Lightning McQueen: Really? Oh, that...
The King: But you're stupid.
Lightning McQueen: Excuse me?
The King: This ain't a one-man deal, kid. You need to wise-up and get yourself a good crew chief and a good team. And you ain't gonna win unless you got good folks behind you, [his voice dwindles as McQueen looks towards the Dinoco stage] and you let them do their job, like they should. Like I tell the boys at the shop...
Lightning McQueen: [to himself] A good team, Yeah.
[Electronic music plays as McQueen daydreams of being sponsored by Dinoco. It shows him with a trophy and two Dinoco Girls beside him, with one of the girls kissing him on the cheek. Then it shows his paint being changed to blue, removing his decals and replacing the Rust-eze logo with Dinoco's. It shows the text saying "The new face of Dinoco", and changing the text "The King" to a logo of McQueen with the text "Lightning McQueen". It then shows McQueen posing in a studio. Then it shows McQueen on the covers of some magazines, and then it shows him with Mia and Tia in Dinoco paint on a red carpet being surrounded by a cheering crowd. Then it shows the text "Lightning McQueen is Lightning Storm". It shows some people being attacked by some giant robots with bodies shaped like spark plugs. One person, who gets zapped by a robot's laser, does the Wilhelm scream as he turns to dust. McQueen is flying in the air, and shoots missiles at the robots. Then the screen shows McQueen with Mia and Tia around the crowd from on the red carpet, which McQueen signs his tire marks on the Walk of Fame. Then it shows him inside a building near the Hollywood Sign, which he is between Mia and Tia painted gold. Both Mia and Tia repeatedly kiss McQueen on the sides. Then his daydream ends as the screen shows the present day.]

The King: [to McQueen] If you figure that out, you just gonna be, okay?
Lightning McQueen: [McQueen clears throat] Oh, yeah, that is spectacular advice. Thank you, Mr. The King! Oh!
Bob Cutlass: [on speakers] Ladies and gentlemen, for the first time in Piston Cup history...
Lightning McQueen: [revving his engine] A rookie has won the Piston Cup. [He then drives through the wallpaper of the stage to the front] YES!!
Bob Cutlass: [on speakers] ...we've a 3-way tie!
[McQueen was shocked at this. The crowd then cheers and flashes their cameras as confetti shoots out. Then The King and Chick come onto the stage]
Chick: [Laughs] Hey, McQueen, that must be really embarrassing, but I wouldn't be worry about it, because I didn't do it! [laughing]
Bob Cutlass: Piston Cup officials have determined that a tiebreaker race between the three leaders will be held in California in one week.
Chick: Well, thank you! Thanks to all of you out there! Thank you! [Whispering to McQueen] Hey, rook, first one to California gets Dinoco all to himself. [Screaming to the crowd] Aaaah! No, not me! No, you rock, and you know that!
[Then the screen shows fireworks exploding in the sky as a blimp named Al Oft watches from above]

Balloon: Oh, yeah! Whoo!
Lightning McQueen: [Then it shows McQueen and the whole of in the trailer parking as they go to McQueen's trailer's parking space. Some pities are seen catching some tires being thrown by unseen people, including a Tank Coat pitty named Jerry Drivechain, mimicking Chick] First one to California gets Dinoco all to himself. Oh, we'll see who gets there first, Chick. [They then come to McQueen's trailer's parking space, but the trailer isn't there.] Huh?
Mack: Hey, kid! Congrats on the tie.
Lightning McQueen: I don't want to talk about it. Come on, let's go, Mack. Saddle up. What'd you do with my trailer?
Mack: I parked it at your sponsor's tent.
Lightning McQueen: WHAT?!
Mack: Well, he's you gotta make your personal appearance.
Lightning McQueen: No, no! No, no, no, no, no, no! [The screen then shows a commercial on a TV screen inside the Rust-eze tent, on TV] Yes, yes, yes! Lightning McQueen here. And I use Rust-eze Medicated Bumper Ointment, new rear end formula! Nothing soothes rusty bumper like Rust-ezzzzzeeee. [A picture of a Rust-eze container moves across the rear bumper of a rusty car named Jonathan Wrenchworths. As the container moves across, the bumper shines. Text appears saying "Actual results may take up to 36 weeks."] Wow! Look at that shine! Use Rust-eze and you too can look like me! Ka-chow!
Rusty: [The commercial ends, and the screen zooms out to show the rusty cars in the Rust-eze tent. On the stage was the founder brothers Rusty and Dusty Rust-eze laughing] I met this car from Swampscott. He was so rusty he didn't even cast a shadow. [laughs]
Dusty: You could see his dirty undercarriage. [He crowd laughs, the screen zooms out to show McQueen and Mack outside the tent entrance which has two McQueen cardboard cut-outs. McQueen was hiding behind one of them]
Lightning McQueen: [sighs angrily] I hate rusty cars! This is not good for my image!
Mack: [to McQueen] They did give you your big break. Besides, it's in your contract.
Lightning McQueen: [to the team, to Mack] Oh, will you stop please? Just go get hooked up.
Dusty: Winter is a grand old time.
Rusty: Of this there are no ifs or buts. [While Dusty and Rusty were talking, McQueen is hiding behind cardboard cut-outs as they enter the tent]
Dusty: But remember, all that salt and grime...
Rusty: Can rust your bolts and freeze your...
Dusty: [Then the cardboard cut-outs tilt over, exposed McQueen to the rusty cars] Hey, look! There he is! [The rusty cars in the crowd then turn towards McQueen] Our almost champ! Victory ran to your rear end in here, kid.
Rusty car 1: Lightning McQueen, you are wicked fast!
Rusty car 2: That race was a pisser!
Rusty car 3: Yeah, you were booking, McQueen!
Lightning McQueen: Give me a little room, guys.
Fred: You're my hero, Mr. McQueen!
Lightning McQueen: Yes, I know! [laughs as he reads Fred's name on his license plate] Fred, Fred, thank you!
Fred: He knows my name! HE KNOWS MY NAME!
[his front bumper falls off, Dusty and Rusty laughs]
Dusty: Looking good, Freddie! [McQueen's and then get on the stage.]
Rusty: Thanks to you, Lightning, we had a banner year!
Dusty: We might clear enough to buy you some headlights.
Rusty: Are you saying he doesn't have headlights?
Dusty: That's what I'm telling ya. It's just stickers!
Lightning McQueen: Well, you know, race cars don't need headlights, because the track is always lit.
Rusty: Yeah, well, so is my brother, but he still needs headlights. [crowd laughs]
Lightning McQueen: [Does forced laughter]
Both: Ladies and gentlemen, Lightning McQueen!
Fans: [A spotlight shines on McQueen as the rusty cars remain silent with crickets chirping] Free bird!
Lightning McQueen: You know, the Rust-eze Medicated Bumper Ointment team ran a great race today. And remember, with a little Rust-eze... [McQueen whispering to himself] Well, and an insane amount of luck, [normal voice] you too can look like me... Ka-chow!
Rusty: [The rusty cars cheering as McQueen and the whole of go into Mack's trailer] Hey, kid.
Dusty: We love ya. And we're looking forward to another great year. Just like this year! [One of the brothers laughs as McQueen poses himself with a smile as the trailer door closes to show a picture of the same pose]
Lightning McQueen: Not on your life. [Mack then drives away]
Rusty: Don't drive like my brother!
Dusty: Oh yeah, don't drive like my brother!
Mack: California, here we come!
Lightning McQueen: Dinoco, here we come. [Life is a Highway plays. McQueen turns on the lights in the trailer. The screen shows all of his different merchandising]
[Then it shows Mack exiting the Motor Speedway of the South and driving along the Interstate 40 to Los Angeles. Later, the screen shows Mack making faces with his reflection on the back of a tank truck. A car named Bertha Butterswagon is disgusted by this. Then the screen pans beside some telephone poles, where the birds from For the Birds are seen chirping. The screen then resumes to showing Mack progressing on his journey. And while he's driving, have got out to get some fresh air and to fly for a little while...]

Lightning McQueen: [Then it shows. The whole song then completely ends as in the evening, that same day, in the trailer it shows McQueen being massaged by brushes as the phone rings.] Oh... Oh, I needed this... [presses a button to respond to the phone call, which makes the brushes go into the roof of the trailer] Hello?
Harv: Is this Lightning McQueen, the world's fastest racing machine?
Lightning McQueen: Is this Harv, the world's greatest agent?
Harv: And it is such a honor to be your agent and it almost hurts to take 10% of your winnings and merchandising and ancillary rights in perpetuity anyway. What a race! Hot champ?! I did-- I didn't see it, but I heard you were great.
Lightning McQueen: [pressing buttons to change TV channels showing the finish of the previous race] Um... Thanks, Harv.
Harv: Listen, they're giving you 20 tickets for the tiebreaker thing in Cali. I'll pass 'em on to your friends. You shoot me the names. You let Harv rock it for you, alright, baby?
Lightning McQueen: Right! Friends! Yes, there's, um... [looks toward, who all just shook their heads at him to tell him to not say anything about them at all]
Harv: [to McQueen] Okay, I get it, Mr. Popular, so many friends you can't even narrow it down, hey, when you get to town, you better make time for your best friend, you gotta break bread with your mishpocheh here.
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, yeah, that would be great! We should totally...
Harv: Okay, I gotta jump, kid. L-Let me know how it goes. I'm out.
Lightning McQueen: [The call ends as the dial tone hums. Lightning McQueen sighs] [then some melodic beeping and wheels squeaking are heard.] What?! A minivan?! [on radio] Oh, come on, Mack, you're in the slow lane, this is Lightning McQueen you're hauling here!
Mack: Just stopping off for a quick breather, kid. Old Mack needs a rest. [starts to go onto the entrance to the where is going]
Lightning McQueen: Absolutely not. We're driving straight to all night till we get to California, we agreed to it!
Mack: All night?! May I remind you, federal DOT regs sta-
Lightning McQueen: Come on, I need to get there before Chick get hang with Dinoco.
Mack: [sighs as he sees some sleeping trucks] All those sleeping trucks! [on radio] Hey, kid, I don't know if I can make it.
Lightning McQueen: Oh, sure you can, Mack. Look, it'll be easy, I'll stay up with you!
Mack: [to McQueen] All night?
Lightning McQueen: All night long.
[Later that night, we see McQueen, sleeping. McQueen snores]

[Then the screen shows Mack, who is trying to stay awake. His engines slow as his eyes start to shut. Mack snores, wakes up, gasps and blubbers, grunts as he tries to keep his eyes open. But they close again. Mack snores, and then wakes up, gasps and blubbers for about five seconds, and tries to keep his eyes open]

[Then rap music is heard as the screen shows close-ups of the Delinquent Road Hazards with their engines revving. DJ is playing a short song called Rollin' in the Rear view. Wingo is shown opening his shades. Then the screen shows him, Boost and DJ overtaking a car onto the left lane, then overtaking another car onto the right lane. They then overtake a car named Duff Wrecks onto the middle lane. and the left of another. The traffic's horns are heard beeping. Snot Rod, meanwhile, was overtaking the first car onto the right lane and going along the same lane until he overtakes Duff. After, he then starts to sneeze. Snot Rod sniffles, and sneezes. Snot Rod's sneezing causes himself to do an instant acceleration, open his throttle wide and shoot flames out of his headers, to which he then catches up to the other tuners as they come towards Mack. DJ drives onto the right lane beside, while Wingo and Boost drive onto the left lane. Snot Rod is behind Mack. Wingo then notices his reflection on Mack's trailer, and turns his interior lights on. Wingo chuckles, Boost and DJ get in front of Mack, who is still concentrating to not fall asleep.]

Boost: Hey, yo, DJ!
DJ: What up?!
Boost: We got ourselves a nodder!
DJ: [chuckles, Boost then drives onto the right lane, while DJ drives onto the middle lane that Mack is on. DJ then plays the song Songbird.]
Mack: Pretty music. [falls asleep and snores]
Boost: Yo, Wingo! Lane change, man! [pushes Mack onto the left lane towards Wingo, pushes Mack back towards Boost]
Wingo: [chuckles] Right back at ya! [chuckles]
Snot Rod: Yeah!
Boost: Oops! I missed!
Snot Rod: [dodges in front] You going on vacation?
Tuner team: [The four cars laugh as Mack, who is still sleeping, moves onto the hard shoulder. The vibration of the hard shoulder causes, McQueen to move slowly forward as he is still sleeping and snores. One of McQueen's bobble heads then falls onto a button which opens the trailer's door. The hard shoulder's vibration continues to make, McQueen move forward onto the door which is pressing on the ground and causing sparks. Wingo chuckles, Snot Rod sniffles]
Boost: Oh no, Snot Rod!
Wingo: He's gonna blow!
Snot Rod: [DJ, Boost and Wingo then drive away as Snot Rod is still besides Mack and starting to sneeze.] Ah...ah...ah...ACHOO!!!
Mack: [Snot Rod accelerates away, Mack's wakes up] GESUNDHEIT! [Chuckling] One should never drive while drowsy.
[McQueen falls off the trailer door onto the highway. The trailer door then closes. The sounds of tires squealing and horns honking are heard as some traffic drive around them still sleeping, McQueen's wakes up, then the sound of a horn honking loudly is heard as a truck heads towards them. McQueen screams, the very jerky moments of the cars causes McQueen to be startled and jolted wide-awake. Once he is awoke he drives out of the way, and continue driving the wrong way while dodging some more cars. McQueen exclaims, then three trucks on all three lanes are seen driving towards them, McQueen gasps, honking their horns. McQueen screams, he drives onto the grass median strip. McQueen pants heavily as he sees a queue of trucks driving away]

Lightning McQueen: Mack! [He then drives back onto the lane, grunting as he drives in front of some traffic honking their horns. McQueen continues driving faster and overtaking some cars while trying to find Mack.] Mack! [He then comes across the queue of trucks and a few cars. He then accelerates faster, trying to find which truck is Mack.] Mack! Hey, Mack! Mack! [He notices a truck exiting the highway onto another road, thinking that it is Mack.] Mack! Mack, wait for me! [His engine is heard revving as he turns onto the same road that the truck is driving along. His tires squeal as he slides onto the road, and he drives along the road with the truck far ahead.] Mack! [The truck, whose face is not seen properly, then crosses a level crossing without barriers. Afterwards, the bell starts to ring as the pair of antique "upper-quadrant" wigwag crossing signals wave. McQueen then notice this and look to their left to see a train coming. McQueen and then go faster as . The train, named notices him and bellows his horn. McQueen get closer and closer to the level crossing. Thanks to good timing, he crosses the level crossing just in time before Trev could hit him.] Mack! Mack! [He then gets closer to the truck, who is slowing down at a 3-way junction.] Mack! Mack... ...wait up! [coughs from the truck's fumes] Mack. Mack! Mack! [He then drive alongside the truck, but its trailer's side shows a sponsor for "Recycled Batteries". The screen then shows the truck, who is actually a Peterbilt named Jerry Recycled Batteries and is not Mack at all.] What? You're not Mack.
Peterbilt: Mack?! I ain't no Mack, I'm a Peterbilt for dang sake! [drives off] Turn on your lights, you moron!
Lightning McQueen: Mack... the Interstate. [Then McQueen moves backwards and drive left, forgetting that he was actually on the right road to the Interstate before driving onto the wrong road. The screen moves to show that he is actually on Route 66, then it shows an aerial view of him driving along. He then drives past a billboard where Sheriff was, with his roaring engine waking him up. Sheriff gasps and wakes up]
Sheriff: Not in my town, you don't. [chases after McQueen with his siren wailing]
Lightning McQueen: [notices Sheriff] Oh, no. Oh, maybe he can help me! [Suddenly, Sheriff is heard backfiring. McQueen thought that Sheriff was shooting at them.] He's shooting at me?! Why is he shooting at me?!
Sheriff: [backfiring] I haven't gone this fast in years. [Sheriff grunts as he backfires again] I'm gonna blow a gasket or somethin'.
Lightning McQueen: Serpentine, serpentine, serpentine!
Sheriff: [noticing our hero's doing serpentine] What in the blue blazes?! Crazy hot-rodder! [he continues chasing McQueen and the whole team as his siren continues wailing]
[The scene then shows Radiator Springs, with the song My Heart Would Know by Hank Williams playing. It shows a montage of the different characters. Some bugs are heard buzzing as they get attracted by the lights of Flo's V8 Cafe. Guido tries to keep a tire upright on top of another tire lying flat on the ground, which a sign being blown by the breeze keeps tilting it. Then it shows the statue of Stanley, which Red the fire truck is seen watering flowers around the statue. Lizzie is seen sleeping outside her curio shop. Ramone, Flo, Sarge and Fillmore are seen at Flo's V8 Cafe as Fillmore was watching the intersection traffic light, which its amber light is blinking]

Fillmore: I'm telling you, man, every third blink is slower.
Sarge: The sixties weren't good to you, were they? [Then they hear backfiring noises as the music stops. The scene then goes to McQueen and the whole of still being chased by Sheriff as they all see Radiator Springs in the distance]
Lightning McQueen: What? That's not the Interstate! [Suddenly, Sheriff backfires again. He screaming and McQueen's as he hits some traffic cones] Ow, ow, ow, ow! [McQueen then drives off the road, and comes across a giant cone. He screaming and all stopped themselves to watch McQueen go out of control, helpless to stop him. McQueen tires screeching, then drive away across the road. He comes up towards a fence.] No, no, no, no! [He hits the fence, getting it caught on him.] Ow! [McQueen's then heading towards a sign. He screaming and McQueen then drive to the left, heading for Flo's V8 Cafe]
Fillmore: I'm not the only seeing this, right?
[McQueen then appears, driving out of control and knocking over some cans]

Sarge: Incoming!
Fillmore: Whoa, man.
Lightning McQueen: No! [Sarge, Fillmore and Ramone drive out of the way. The fence hits Ramone's body. Guido hides behind the sign]
Ramone: Hey, you scratch my paint!
Lightning McQueen: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Luigi: My tires!
[He then drives along the main road towards, with tires all over his body. McQueen grunts as he spits out a tire in his mouth, Red gasps and drives into the building, McQueen's continues driving along the road, spotting Stanley's statue. He screaming and he then drives around the statue, while hitting Red's flowers. Red gasps at his flowers being hit, the fence gets caught on Stanley's statue. McQueen notices, and tries to move backwards to get away from the statue. His tires squealing, and the cables vibrating as the statue starts to come off. Finally, the statue goes up into the air. McQueen's stops moving, glad that the statue was gone. Suddenly, the statue lands in front of him on the road. He screaming. He turns around and drives away, while pulling Stanley's statue. The pole beneath the base was destroying the road. He screaming and Flo, Ramone, Fillmore, Sarge and the whole of all watch as McQueen screams goes past them. The statue continues damaging the road before finally going up a ramp beside the road. The ramp splits in half as the statue lands on some telephone wires. He grunting as he struggles to move, McQueen's then lose his grip, and the force pulls his back. He ends up hanging from the telephone wires as Stanley's statue flies through the air]

Fillmore: Fly away, Stanley. Be free! [Red gasps as the statue comes towards him, and drives back into the courthouse, the statue lands back in its place, and the water resumes shooting out. Red then looks with shock. The music resumes as Sheriff drives slowly to McQueen who is still hanging from the telephone wires. Sheriff panting heavily]
Sheriff: Boy, you're in a heap of trouble. [McQueen sighs and closes his eyes and passed out]
Kori Turbowitz: [The next day, we see photographers at the Los Angeles International Speedway watching Mack arrive.] We're live at the Los Angeles International Speedway as the first competitor, Lightning McQueen, is arriving at the track.]
Cameramen: [The photographers are heard talking as they surround Mack.] McQueen, how was the trip? Is it true he's gonna pose for Car girl? Lightning, what's your strategy? [Mack's trailer door opens, with no one inside it. The all gasping and take pictures with their cameras]
Mack: What? Did I forget to wipe my mud flaps?
[The screen then shows different news reporters reporting about McQueen's disappearance, and Mack then notices that he and the whole of are missing.]

News: McQueen's driver arrived in California, but McQueen was missing. Race car Lightning McQueen was reported missing. He scheduled to race an unprecedented... [while the screen shows photographers interviewing Dusty and Rusty Rust-eze] Sponsor stated they have no idea where he is.
[Chuki speaks in Japanese about McQueen's disappearance.]

Junior: I just hope Lightning's okay, I sure hate to see anything bad happen to him.
Jay Limo: I don't know what's harder to find, Lightning McQueen or a crew chief who'll work for him!
Sven: [German accent] Lightning McQueen must be found at all costs!
Chuck Manifold: They're all asking the same question: Where is McQueen?
Lightning McQueen: [The screen shows McQueen sleeping in the Radiator Springs Municipal Impound that morning as he starts to regain consciousness.] [McQueen sighs] Oh, boy. Oh... Where am I?
Tow Mater: Mornin', sleepin' beauty! [McQueen screams the screen then shows from McQueen's point of view as he wakes up. We see Mater outside the impound gate. Mater chuckling.] Boy, I was wonderin' when you was gonna wake up!
Lightning McQueen: Take whatever you want! Just don't hurt me! [McQueen tries to reverse, then he felt a bump and heard a thud. He notices a parking boot on his tire, which it moves ahead as his tire was moving backwards.] The parking boot? Why do I have a parking boot on? [The screen zooms out to show our heroes in the impound.] What's going on here?! Please!
Tow Mater: [McQueen tries to push the parking boot back, but it wouldn't go underneath his tire. Mater chuckles] You're funny, I like you already. My name's Mater.
Lightning McQueen: Mater?
Tow Mater: Yeah, like "tuh-mater", but without the "tuh"! What's your name?
Lightning McQueen: Do you don't know my name?
Tow Mater: Um, no, I know your name, is your name "Mater" too?
Lightning McQueen: What?! Look, I need to get to California as fast as possible, where am I?
Tow Mater: Where are you?! Shoot! You're in Radiator Springs! The cutest little town in Carburetor County. [looks around to see a few old buildings]
Lightning McQueen: Oh, great. Just great!
Tow Mater: Well, if you think that's great, you should see the rest of the town.
Lightning McQueen: You know? I'd love to see the rest of the town! So if you could just open the gate, take this boot off, you and me, we go cruising, check out the local scene---
Tow Mater: Dad-gum! [gets ready to press the button for the gate]
Lightning McQueen: How'd that be, Tuhmater? [about to press the button]
Tow Mater: Cool!
Sheriff: MATER! [Mater then stops, and reverses as Sheriff arrives. McQueen then frown and some members of then feel sorry for Mater while some of them look confused.] What did I tell you about talkin' to the accused?!
Tow Mater: To not to.
Sheriff: [presses the button to open the gate] Well, quit yer yappin' and tow this delinquent road hazard to traffic court.
Tow Mater: [Mater whispering to McQueen's] Well, we'll talk later, Mater. [chuckles as he gets behind McQueen] "Later, Mater." That's funny! [McQueen screams. He uses his tow hook to grab McQueen's undercarriage]
Sheriff: [Then the screen skips to show the Radiator Springs Courthouse & Fire Department from outside as Sheriff's voice is heard.] The Radiator Springs Traffic Court will come to order!
Ramone: [Then the screen shows inside the building as McQueen and Mater enter the courtroom, which most of the other Radiator Springs residents were inside and were angry with McQueen for what he have done.] Hey, you scratched my paint! I ought take a blowtorch to you, man!
Luigi: [Then the screen shows McQueen as he moves his tire up while getting pushed by Mater into the courtroom to the accused space while the team followed him.] You broke-a the road! You a very bad car!
Fillmore: Fascist!
Sarge: Commie!
Lightning McQueen: [to Sheriff] Officer, talk to me, babe. How long is this gonna take? I gotta get to California, pronto.
Sheriff: Where's your lawyer?
Lightning McQueen: [scoffs] I don't know. Tahiti maybe. He's got a timeshare there.
Sheriff: When a defendant has no lawyer, the court will assign one to him. [to the other residents] Hey! Anyone want to be his lawyer? [All of the residents move back, except Mater.]
Tow Mater: Shoot, I'll do it, Sheriff!
[Mater moves beside McQueen and our heroes]
Sheriff: All rise! The Honorable Doc Hudson presiding.
Luigi: [Ramone moves his body up from his tires] Show Off.
Sheriff: May Doc have mercy on your soul.
[The door bangs as Doc Hudson comes in, which the screen shows him from his side as he drives to his bench. McQueen gasps as he hears the door bang]

Doc Hudson: Alright, I wanna know who's responsible for wrecking my town, Sheriff. I wanna his hood on a platter! I'm gonna put him in jail till he rots! No, check that. [McQueen gulps. He gets on some ramps that move him up to the top of his bench] I'm gonna put him in jail till the jail rots on top of him, and then I'm gonna move him to a new jail and let that jail rot. I'm-- [notices McQueen and the team, as McQueen does a nervous grin] Throw him out of here, Sheriff. I want him out of my courtroom. I want him out of our town! Case dismissed.
Lightning McQueen: Yes!
Tow Mater: Boy, I'm purty good at this lawyerin' stuff.
Sally Carrera: [Then the door opens as Sally Carrera appears.] Sorry, I'm late, your honor!
Lightning McQueen: [McQueen and turn around to see her, which McQueen instantly falls in love with her.] [to himself McQueen whispers] Holy porsche! She's gotta be from my attorney's office! [Sally then drives into the courtroom as our heroes turn back to the front.] [to Sally] Hey, thanks for coming, we're all set. He's letting me go.
Sally Carrera: [stops, and turns to McQueen] He's letting you go?
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, your job's pretty easy today. All you have to do now is stand there and let me look at ya. Listen, I'm gonna cut to the chase. Me, you, dinner. [reflects sunlight on his bolt sticker] Ka-chow! [The reflected sunlight shines on Sally's eyes; Sally groans, grunts] I know, I get that reaction a lot. I create feelings in others that they themselves don't understand. [stops reflecting sunlight, revs his engine. Sally groans] Oh, I'm sorry. Did I scare you?
Tow Mater: Well, a little bit, but I'll be alright.
Sally Carrera: Okay, I'm gonna go talk to the judge.
Lightning McQueen: Do what you gotta do, baby. Oh, but listen, be careful. Folks around here are not firing on all cylinders, if you know what I mean.
Tow Mater: [Then we see Mater, who is trying to reflect sunlight on his wing mirror like what McQueen did with his bolt sticker earlier.] Ka-ching! [Then the sunlight goes into his eyes.] [Mater groans]
Sally Carrera: [to McQueen] I'll keep that in mind. [to Mater] Hey, there, Mater.
Tow Mater: Howdy, Sally. [Then McQueen's smile turn to frown.]
Sally Carrera: Hi, folks! [to the other Radiator Springs residents, drives to Doc]
Folks: Good morning, Sally!
Lightning McQueen: [to Mater] Do you know her?
Tow Mater: She's the town attorney and my fiancee.
Lightning McQueen: What?
Tow Mater: [chuckling, smacks McQueen with his tire] I'm just kidding. She just likes me for my body.
Sally Carrera: Doc, you look great this morning! Did you do something different with your side view mirrors?
Doc Hudson: What do you want, Sally?
Sally Carrera: [Sally sighs] Come on, make this guy fix the road. The town needs this.
Doc Hudson: No. I know his type. Race car. That's the last thing this town needs.
Sally Carrera: Okay, I didn't want to have to do this, Doc. But you leave me no choice. [to the other citizens] Fellow citizens, you're all aware of our town's proud history.
Doc Hudson: [to himself] Here she goes again.
Sally Carrera: Radiator Springs, the glorious jewel strung on the necklace of Route 66, the mother road! It is our job and our pleasure to take care of the travelers on our stretch of that road.
Sarge: [in voice] Travelers? What travelers?
Fillmore: [in voice] Ignore him.
Sally Carrera: But how, I ask you, are we to care for those travelers if there is no road for them to drive on? [to Luigi] Luigi, what do you have at your store?
Luigi: Tires.
Sally Carrera: And if no one can get to you?
Luigi: I won't sell any.... tires. I will lose everything!
Sally Carrera: Flo, what do you have at your store?
Flo: I have gas. Lotsa gas! [Mater and Ramone laugh on a joke with gasoline and gas from farts]
Sally Carrera: Okay, boys, stay with me. And, and, Flo, what'll happen if no one can come to your station to buy gas?
Flo: I'll go outta business and we'll have to leave town!
Sally Carrera: And what's gonna happen to all of us if Flo leaves town and closes her station?
Folks: Without gas, we're done for!
Lizzie: What?
Sally Carrera: So, don't you think the car responsible should fix our road?
Lizzie: The only guy strong enough to fix that road is Big Al!
Ramone: Lizzie, Big Al left, like, 15 years ago.
Lizzie: Then why are you bringing him up, you lemon?
Sally Carrera: Oh, he can do it. He's got the horsepower. So, what do you want him to do?
Folks: Fix the road!
Sally Carrera: Because we are a town worth fixing!
Folks: Yeah! [all cheering]
Doc Hudson: [honks his own horn, which represents banging a hammer] Order in the court! Seems like my mind has been changed for me.
Folks: Yeah!
Lightning McQueen: No!.
Fillmore: Nice ruling.
Lightning McQueen: [groans to Sally] I am so not taking you to dinner.
Sally Carrera: [giggles] That's OK, Stickers. You can take Bessie.
Tow Mater: Oh, man, ye get to work with Bessie, I'd give my left 2-Lug Nuts for somethin' like that!
Lightning McQueen: Bessie? Who's Bessie?
[The screen then skips to outside, where we see Bessie, who is a road-paving machine that is not a living vehicle. Tar is heard gurgling. Doc is next to her, with McQueen, the whole of and Mater.]

Doc Hudson: This here is Bessie, finest Road-Paving Machine ever built. [to McQueen] I'm hereby sentencing you to community service. You're gonna fix the road under my supervision.
Lightning McQueen: WHAT?! This place is crazy!
Tow Mater: [whispers to McQueen] Hey, I know this may be a bad time right now, but uh, you owe me $32,000 in legal fees.
Lightning McQueen: What?
Doc Hudson: [to McQueen] So we're gonna hitch you up to sweet Bessie, and you're gonna pull her nice.
Lightning McQueen: You're gotta be kidding me!
Doc Hudson: [to McQueen] You start there where the road begins, [drives to where the road begins from the courthouse] you finish down there where the road ends.
Tow Mater: [Mater and the team get onto the road, facing towards the end of the town, and has a long swirly crack. McQueen moves his tire up, and moves himself forward so he can move with his parking boot still on. Mater looking at the damaged road] HOLY SHOOT!!!
Lightning McQueen: Whoa, whoa, whoa! How long is this gonna take?!
Doc Hudson: Well, fella does it right, should take him about 5-days.
Lightning McQueen: 5-days?! But I should be in California schmoozing Dinoco right now!
Doc Hudson: Then if I were you, I'd quit yappin' and start working! Hook him up, Mater.
Tow Mater: Okay-dokey. [Mater tries to get McQueen's parking boot off as watched him do that. Mater groaning. Finally, McQueen's boot comes off. Suddenly, he quickly move away and into the distance.]
Lightning McQueen: FREEDOM!!!!
Tow Mater: [Doc and the whole team crossly looked at Mater, who was shocked.] Maybe I should've uh hooked him up to Bessie...and then uh...then took the boot off. [looks at the team]
[Then the screen shows McQueen driving away from Radiator Springs, even driving past a billboard saying "Leaving so soon?"]

Lightning McQueen: WHOO-HOO! Goodbye, Radiator Springs, and goodbye, Bessie! California, here I come! Yeah! Oh, fell that wind! Yes! [Sheriff but then, he start sputtering.] No, no, no, no! Outta gas? How can I be outta gas?
Sheriff: [He stopped near the other billboard, where Sheriff and Sally are.] [laughs] Boy, we ain't as dumb as you think we are.
Lightning McQueen: [sputtering] But, but, but how did...? How did--? You--?
Sally Carrera: We siphoned your gas while you were passed out, [reflects sunlight on her wing mirror] KA-CHOW! [McQueen getting hit in the eyes by the reflected sunlight] [McQueen groans] [Sheriff laughing]
Sheriff: [The screen shows the traffic light, as its amber light continues blinking. Then we see Sheriff driving to Flo's V8 Cafe, where Fillmore and Sarge are standing.] Gentlemen.
Sarge: [The gas station bell dings.] Sheriff.
Fillmore: Hey, Sheriff.
Luigi: [Then the screen shows Luigi and Guido at Luigi's Casa Della Tires as they are arguing about where some tires were put at the moment and before. Red is watering some flowers there.] Why the tires are here?
Guido: [speaking Italian] Sono sempre stati qui.
Luigi: They were better well before.
Guido: Stai sempre a parlare.
Luigi: Guido!
Lizzie: [to Red] Red, can you move over? I want to get look at that sexy hot rod.
Tow Mater: [While Lizzie was talking, Red stops watering. Then we see McQueen pulling Bessie slowly along the road between the many old closed shops, laying out tar behind Bessie. Mater was standing on the sidewalk and the whole of are with him.] Ya know, I used to be a purty good whistler. I can't do it now of course, on account of sometimes I get fluid built up in my engine block, but Doc said he's gonna fix it dough. He can fix about anything. That's why we made him the judge. Boy, you shoulda heard me on "giddy-up, oom papa mow mow." Now, I'm not one to brag, but people come purty far to see me get low on the mow-mow.
Lightning McQueen: [Then a bubble of tar comes out from one of Bessie's pipes, pops, and a little slob of tar lands on McQueen's right bolt sticker.] [McQueen gasps] Aw, man, that's just great!
Tow Mater: Hey, what's wrong?
Lightning McQueen: My lucky sticker's all dirty.
Tow Mater: [groans] That ain't nothin', I'll clean it for ya! [Mater snorts, and hacks]
Lightning McQueen: No, no, no! That wouldn't be necessary. [notices Red the fire truck, who was watering the same flowers at Luigi's store] Hey! Hey, big fella! Yeah, you in the red! [sees McQueen, and stops watering] I could use a little hose down. Help me wash this off. [But Red instead leaves nervously, pushing the flowers away.] What, where's he going?
Tow Mater: Oh, he's still a little bit shy, and he hates ya for killin' his flowers.
Lightning McQueen: I shouldn't have to put up with this! I'm a precision instrument of speed and aerodynamics!
Tow Mater: Ya hurt your what?
Lightning McQueen: I'm a very famous race car!
[Then Luigi and Guido come over.]

Luigi: You are a famous race car? A real race car?
Lightning McQueen: Yes, I'm a real race car. What do you think? Look at me.
Luigi: I have followed racing my entire life of my whole life!
Lightning McQueen: Then you know who I am. I'm Lightning McQueen.
Luigi: Lightening McQueen!
Lightning McQueen: YES! YES!
Luigi: I must scream it to the world! My excitement from the top of someplace very high! Do you know many Ferraris?
Lightning McQueen: No, no, no. They race on the European circuit. I'm in the Piston Cup! [Then we see Luigi and Guido, who are now frowning.] What?
Luigi: Luigi follow only the Ferraris.
[Luigi and Guido then drive back to their store. McQueen then gets saddened at not being known because of Luigi watching just the Ferrari racing.]

Flo: Is that what I think it is? [The camera then shows Van and Minny in the distance, driving towards the town.]
Sally Carrera: Customers. Customers! Customers, everyone! Customers! Okay!
Lizzie: Customers?
Sally Carrera: [Then, as Sally is talking, we see Luigi and Guido hearing Sally and are glad. Ramone then moves his body up. Mater gasps and drives to the crossroad. Sarge and Fillmore start driving to their stores.] All right, everybody calm down for a long time. Just remember what we rehearsed. Make sure your "Open, please come in" signs are out. And you all know what to do. All right, nobody panics. Here we go! [drives towards Van and Minny. The camera then shows Van and Minny driving along the road, as they are lost trying to find the Interstate.]
Minny: Van, I just don't see any on-ramp anywhere.
Van: Minny, I know exactly where we are.
Minny: Yeah, we're in the middle of nowhere.
Van: Honey, please.
[Then Sally appears in front of them.]

Sally Carrera: Hello. Welcome to Radiator Springs, gateway to Ornament Valley. Legendary for it's quality service and friendly hospitality. How can we help you?
Van: We don't need anything, thank you very much. [drives past Sally, to Van]
Minny: Whoa, honey ask her direction to the Interstate. [drives along, while Sally follows. As Van and Minny drive along the road, they drive alongside the bumps caused by Stanley's statue.]
Van: There's no need to ask for directions. Minny, I know exactly where we're going.
Minny: [to Sally] He did the same thing on our trip to Shakopee. You know, we were headed over there for the Crazy Days, and we...
Van: [chuckles] Okay, okay. Really. We're just peachy, okay?
Fillmore: What you really need is the sweet taste of my homemade, organic fuel.
Van: [chuckles] No, it doesn't agree with my tank.
Minny: We're just trying to find the Interstate.
Sarge: Good to see you, Soldier! Come on by Sarge's Surplus Hut for all your government surplus needs.
Minny: Oh, honey, surplus!
Van: I think we have too much surplus.
Sally Carrera: I do have a map over the Cozy Cone Motel. And if you do stay, we offer a free Lincoln Continental breakfast.
Minny: Honey, she's got a map.
Van: I don't need a map! I have the GPS. Never need a map again, thank you.
Flo: How 'bout somethin' to drink? Stop at Flo's V8 Cafe. Finest fuel on Route 66.
Van: No, we just top off.
Luigi: [juggles tires while Luigi is talking, and ends with most of them in a pile with one standing up on top] And if you need tires, stop by Luigi's Casa Della Tires, home of the Leaning Tower of Tires.
Minny: We're just trying to find the Interstate.
Ramone: But you do need a paint job man. Ramone will paint you up right. Hey, anything you want! You know, like a flame job.
Minny: No, thanks...
Ramone: Maybe ghost flames! You like old school pinstripin'? Von Dutch style ha? [lifts his rear end up in front in Van and Minny gasping]
Minny: Oh, honey, look. Von Dutch.
Van: [laughs] Okay, no. [chuckles, and starts to drive away along with Minny] We're gonna be going now, okay? [Then Lizzie puts a bumper sticker attached to her tire onto Van's rear bumper. Van grunts and turns around towards Lizzie]
Lizzie: [laughing] A little somethin' to remember us by, okay?
Van: [laughs] Okay! [drives away along with Minny]
Sally Carrera: Come back soon, okay? I mean, you know where we are! [giggles] Tell your friends!
Van: [Then the camera does a close-up of the bumper sticker, which shows Willy's Butte and a message saying "Nice Butte - Radiator Springs", and zooms out. Van chuckles] Okay! Yes. You bet.
Minny: Thanks again, folks. Bye-bye now.
Lightning McQueen: Psst! Psst! Hey! Hey, hey,hey! I know how to get to the Interstate!
Minny: Oh, do ya?
Van: Minny, no.
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, yeah,yeah. No, not really. But listen. I'm Lightning McQueen, the famous race car. I'm being held heren against my will. [Van then grins as Minny smiles at McQueen.] And I need you to call my team, so they can rescue me, and get me to California in time for me to win The Piston Cup. Do you understand?
[Van and Minny just stand for about three seconds of silence. Then their locks beep, their smiles turn to frowns, and they just leave.]

Lightning McQueen: No, no, no, no, no! No, It's the truth! I'm telling you! You gotta help me! Don't leave me here!! I'm in hillbilly hell!! My IQ's dropping by the second!! I'M BECOMING ONE OF 'EM!!!
Sally Carrera: [Van and Minny disappear as McQueen yells, and "them" is echoed. Sally sighs, and then talks to the other residents] Okay, don't worry. They know where we are now. They're gonna tell their friends. You'll see.
Radio: And we'll be back for our Hank Williams marathon...
Sally Carrera: That's good. [as the other residents drive away]
Radio: [through the radio] ...after a Piston Cup update. Still no sign of Lightning McQueen. Meanwhile, Chick Hicks arrived in California and today became the first car to spend practice time on the track.
Chick: [through the radio] Yeah, well it's just nice to get out here before the other competitors. You know, get a head start. Gives me an edge.
[McQueen is then shocked as Chick talks. Electronic music plays as he daydreams of Chick instead being sponsored by Dinoco. First, we see Chick in front of Dinoco's stage touching Tex Dinoco with his tire, as the camera zooms out to show them and the Dinoco gang at the Los Angeles International Speedway laughing. Then we see Chick overtaking The King in the race, as The King is shocked, as he overtakes The King. Chick then crosses the finish line, and we then see him with his trophy and two Dinoco girls beside him. Then it shows his paint being changed to blue, removing most of his decals and replacing the Hostile Tank over Bank logo with Dinoco's. It shows the text saying "The new face of" above Chick and Tex before the text "Dinoco" covers the other text. Then the screen shows the text "The King" changing to a logo of Chick with the text "Chick" and zooming out to show the Dinoco helicopter Rotor Turbo sky winking on top of the stage with pictures of Chick all over it along with his name and the text "Chick likes Dinoco". It then shows Chick posing in the same studio as with McQueen in his previous daydream. Then it shows Chick on the covers of the same magazines, and then it shows him with Mia and Tia in Dinoco paint on the same red carpet being surrounded by the same cheering crowd. Then it shows the text "Chick Thunder Hicks". It shows Chick flying through the air. Then the screen shows two magnets pulled together and the text "Chick Magnet" Then it shows Chick inside the same building near the Hollywood Sign, which he is between Mia and Tia painted gold. Mia and Tia chatter and giggle and then we see Mia and Tia pulled towards Chick like a magnet.]

Chick: Yeah! Hey, McQueen... Eat your heart out.
Lightning McQueen: [Then McQueen's daydream ends as the screen shows the present day. McQueen gasps] Oh! Mater, let me get this straight. I can go when this road is done. That's the deal, right?
Tow Mater: That's what they're done they said.
Lightning McQueen: Okay, outta my way. I got a road to finished. [The screen then zooms in on two "End Construction Zone" signs in the distance. McQueen grunts and revs his engine. McQueen starts to move at his normal speed. Bits of tar come out of Bessie as McQueen drives faster. Mater and the whole of are then shocked at seeing him move.]
Tow Mater: [Then the camera shows inside Doc Hudson's office as Mater comes in] He's done!
Doc Hudson: Done?
Tow Mater: [nobs his face] Ahmhm.
Doc Hudson: It's only been an hour.
[Then we see McQueen at the end of the construction zone, glad at laying tar across the whole road as the other residents and the whole of are standing in front of him and looking shocked. Bessie groans]

Lightning McQueen: I'm done. Look, I'm finished. Just say thank you, and I'll be on my way. That's all I gotta say.
Tow Mater: [Then the camera moves up into the air and shows the new road which now looks incredibly bumpy and sloppy. Mater is seen beside it in the distance.] WHOO HOO! I'm the first one on the new road! UH OH! [drives onto the road, and vibrates as he moves over the bumpy tar, and several objects fall off him] It rides purty smooth. [continues vibrating]
Sally Carrera: It looks awful!
Lightning McQueen: Well, it matches the rest of the town.
Sally Carrera: Oh!
[Red blubbers, sobs, and drives away]

Sally Carrera: Red?
[Red continues sobbing, and disappears as he drives around the impound, knocking over a pile of tires. Sally then turns to McQueen.]

Sally Carrera: Who do you think you are?
Lightning McQueen: Look! Doc said when I finish, I could go! That was the deal!
Doc Hudson: [driving up] The deal was you fix the road, not making it worse. Now, scrape it off! Start over again.
Lightning McQueen: Hey, look, grandpa, I'm not a bulldozer. I'm a race car.
Doc Hudson: Ho,ho,ho! Is that right? Then why don't we just have a little race? Me and you.
Sally Carrera: What?
Lightning McQueen: [chuckles] Me and you. Is that a joke?
Doc Hudson: If you win, you go and I fix the road. If I win, you do the road my way.
Sheriff: Doc, what're you doin'?
Lightning McQueen: [laughs] I don't mean to be rude here Doc, but you probably go zero to sixty in like what? Three-point-five years?
Doc Hudson: Then I reckon you ain't got nothin' to worry about.
Lightning McQueen: You know what old timer? That's a wonderful idea. Let's race.
[Then the screen shows the sky, and moves down to show McQueen and Doc Hudson on a dirt road near which is a rock resembling the landmark of and a classic Pontiac hood ornament. Sheriff is front of them, telling them the rules. The other Radiator Springs residents and the whole of are seen attending. Luigi and Guido are wearing Ferrari merchandise, excited with watching a race. Luigi is waving a Ferrari flag on his antenna. McQueen is making small jumps to the left and right, and stretching his tires.]
Sheriff: Gentlemen, this will be a one-lap race. You will drive to Willy's Butte, go around Willy's Butte and come back. There will be no bumpin', no cheatin', no spittin', no bittin', no road rage, no maimin', no oil slickin', no pushin', no shovin', no backstabbin', no road-hoggin' and no lollygaggin'.
Lightning McQueen: [whispering to Mater] Speed. I'm speed. Float like a Cadillac, sting like a Beemer.
Luigi: [laughing] My friend Guido, he dream to give a real race car a pit stop!
Guido: [turns up] Pit stop!
Lightning McQueen: [groans, chuckles] The race is only one lap, guys. Uno lappo! [Luigi's smile then turns to a frown, while Guido is still shaking happily.] Don't need any help. I work solo mio.
Luigi: Fine. Race your way. [drives away to join the others, Guido is still standing there shaking happily.]
Lightning McQueen: No pit stoppo. Comprendo?
Guido: Okay. [drives away to join the others]
Sheriff: Gentlemen. Start your engines!
[Doc Hudson starts his engine, which sputters, and smoke puffs out of his tailpipe. Then McQueen revs his engine furiously.]

Ramone: Hijole! Check that out!
Fillmore: Whoa.
Flo: Emm, emm.
Sally Carrera: Great idea, Doc. Now the road will never get done.
Sheriff: Luigi? [then he joins the others as Luigi drives onto the road with his Ferrari flag to start the race.]
Luigi: [chuckling] On your mark, get set. Uno for the money, due for the show, tre to get ready, and quattro to... [While Luigi is talking, the screen does a closeup of McQueen and Doc's eyes. McQueen's eyes move towards Doc, whose eyes look furious. Luigi as McQueen revs his engine] I can't believe it... [waves his flag] Go!! [McQueen then starts off, and races towards Willy's Butte and leaving a pile of dust. Luigi laughs]
Doc Hudson: Yee ha! Ha ha ha!
Sally Carrera: Yeah.
Luigi: Huh? [As the dust clears, we see that Doc is still there, not moving.] Doc, the flag means go. Remember the flag. Here we go. Go. [But Doc is still not moving.]
Ramone: Um... Doc, what are you doing, man?
Doc Hudson: Oh, dear. It would seem I'm off to a poor start. Well, better late than never. Come on, Mater. Might need a little help.
Tow Mater: Um, okay. [drives alongside Doc]
Doc Hudson: You got your tow cable?
Tow Mater: [showing his tow cable] Well, yeah. I always got my tow cable. Why?
Doc Hudson: Oh, just in case.
[Then we see McQueen driving around the first curve, and towards the final turn. His front wheels turn left, but he then gets shocked as instead of going left, he went right, fell off the side and towards a cactus patch in the valley.]

Lightning McQueen: [screams] AH, OW, OW, OW, OW, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!!! [hits the cacti]
Ramone: Oh, man! Ow!
Fillmore: Whoa. Bad trip, man.
Doc Hudson: [McQueen tries to reverse out of the cactus, but he couldn't budge. Then Doc and Mater turn up to the cliff.] Hey! Was that floating like a Cadillac, or was that stinging like a Beemer? I'm confused.
Tow Mater: [chuckles]
Doc Hudson: You drive like you fix roads. [McQueen's frowns angrily] Lousy! [to Mater] Have fun fishing, Mater. [drives off]
Lightning McQueen: [Mater swings his tow cable, and throws his hook towards McQueen, which it grabs onto his rear end. McQueen gasps and Mater then pulls McQueen out of the cactus.]
Tow Mater: I'm startin' to think he knowed he was gonna crash!
Lightning McQueen: [as he gets pulled up the side of the valley] Thank you, Mater. Thank you.
[Then the screen shows McQueen scraping the tar off the road with a shovel, as the other residents and watch him.]

Lightning McQueen: I can make a little turn on dirt. You think? [grunts as he scrapes another bit of tar] No. And now I'm a day behind. I'm never gonna get outta here!
Ramone: Hey, ese! You need a new paint job, man!
Lightning McQueen: No, thank you.
Fillmore: How 'bout some organic fuel?
Sarge: That freak juice?
Lightning McQueen: Pass.
Flo: Whoo! Watchin' him workin' is makin' me thirsty. [to Mater] Anybody else want somethin' to drink?
Tow Mater: Nah, not me, Flo. I'm on one of 'em there special diets. [a few bits of spit comes out of him as he says "special"] I'm a precisional instrument of speed and air-matics.
Lightning McQueen: "You race like you fix roads." [groaning] I'll show him. [groaning again] I will show him! [Then the screen shows at night time as Doc drives towards his building named Doctor Hudson: Dr. of Internal Combustion. He then looks to the right, which we see McQueen pulling Bessie at the start, while Sheriff is watching him with his magnetic beacon on. Laughing sounds are made by Bessie's engine as tar splats on McQueen shaking the tar off.] Aw, great!! I hate it!! Hate, hate, hate, hate it!!!
Doc Hudson: [chuckles] Music. Sweet music. [drives into his building]
Sally Carrera: Maybe this wasn't such a good idea.
Lightning McQueen: Radiator Springs, a happy place!!
Bessie: [clucking] [Sally drives into her building at the Cozy Cone Motel as the rest of all go into their tents to try to get some sleep despite fart noises and McQueen's very loud complaining]
Lightning McQueen: [Then another slop of tar lands on McQueen.] Whoa, okay, Bessie you think that funny?! Great!! I'm talking to Bessie now!! I'm talkin' to Bessie!!!
Tow Mater: [Then the screen shows the next morning, and moves down to Sally exiting her building and the whole of all coming out of their tents, all dressed in their regular outfits. Then, they all hear Mater, who is heard laughing and cheering.]
Sally Carrera: Wow! [She and the team then went to the crossroad, to which it is then shown that there is flat tarmac on the part of the road from the courthouse to the end of the crossroad. Mater driving around on the tarmac]
Tow Mater: Mornin', Sally! Hey, look at this here fancy new road that Lightnin' McQueen done just made!
Sally Carrera: Yes! Ahmm. Amazing! [Luigi and Guido are also seen, impressed at the new tarmac. Then we see Ramone, who has changed his paint from purple to green. Ramone driving on the new tarmac, lifts his front up]
Ramone: Yeah! [sighs and moves his front back down]
Flo: Oh, Ramone, Mama ain't seen you that low in years.
Ramone: I haven't seen a road like this in years.
Flo: Well, then let's cruise, baby.
Ramone: Low and slow.
Luigi: [speaking Italian] E Bellissima! It's beautiful! Guido, look, it's a like it was paved by angels. Oh!!
Tow Mater: Oh, I tell ya what. I bet even the roads on the moon ain't this smooth.
Sally Carrera: Doc, look at this! Should a tossed him into the cactus a lot sooner, huh?
Doc Hudson: Well, he ain't finished yet. Still got a long way to go.
[Sally, Doc and then turn around, as we notice that McQueen still has the pave the rest of the road. Then the screen shows all of the other residents driving on the tarmac. Luigi is being towed by Mater.]

Luigi: Guido, look at Luigi! [Mater lets go, and Luigi slides across the tarmac at the crossroad. Luigi driving back and forth once across the tarmac, Luigi chuckling] This is fantastico!
Sally Carrera: That looks like fun! Mater, I got dibs, next turn!
Lizzie: Hey, Luigi, this new road makes your place look like a dump.
Luigi: [groans] That crazy old devil woman. [sighs as he and Guido get shocked at the look of their store] She's right!
Sally Carrera: [shrieks and sliding along the tarmac and back the other way]
Luigi: Guido!
Doc Hudson: Huh! That punk actually did a good jab. [noticing Bessie on the other road] Well, now... where the hack is he? [Then the screen shows Lightning McQueen in the desert driving on the same dirt road used for the race track. Doc then comes to Sheriff, who was watching McQueen.] Sheriff! Is he making another run for it?
Sheriff: No, no. He ran outta asphalt in the middle of the night, asked me if he could come down here. All he's trying to do is make that there turn.
Lightning McQueen: [slides off the track and onto the dirt] NO NO NO NO! Aw, great! [Doc laughs and driving back onto the track] Perfect turns on every track I've ever raced on.
Doc Hudson: Sheriff, why don't you go get yourself a quart of oil at Flo's. I'll keep an eye on him.
Sheriff: Well, thanks, Doc. I've been feeling a quart low. [drives back to Radiator Springs]
[We then see McQueen again, with his engine revs as he still tries to make the final turn. But again, he slides off the track onto the dirt.]

Lightning McQueen: AAH!!!!!
[His side moves towards the camera, which dust fills the screen. When it clears, we see McQueen with a tumbleweed on his head and McQueen spits dust out. Doc then appears in front of him as he moves the tumbleweed off.]

Doc Hudson: This ain't asphalt, son. This is dirt.
Lightning McQueen: Oh, great. What do you want? You hear to gloat? [drives past slowly]
Doc Hudson: You don't have three-wheel brakes, so you got to pitch it hard, break it loose and then just drive it with the throttle. Give it too much, you'll be outta the dirt and into the tulips.
Lightning McQueen: [turns around] So you're a judge, a doctor and a racing expert.
Doc Hudson: I'll put it simple. If you goin' hard enough left, you'll find yourself turnin' right.
Lightning McQueen: Ooh, right, that makes perfect sense. Turn right to go left! Yes! Thank you! Or should I say, "No thank you"? Because in Opposite World, maybe that really means, "Thank you"! [his smile turns to a frown, then he starts his engine and drives off, McQueen scoffs] Crazy grandpa car. What an idiot!
Doc Hudson: [groans as he then drives away slowly back to Radiator Springs with his feelings hurt by McQueen.]
[Then we see McQueen driving around the first corner, and he looks towards Doc driving off.]

Lightning McQueen: Turn right to go left. [to Doc, drives away slowly back to Radiator Springs] Mm... [He moves his front wheels right, but he then suddenly went right.] OH! [He then drives off the side, stays still in midair for a second, and falls down into the valley.] WHOA! [McQueen winds up in another cactus patch] OW! Oh, that-- [Then, a cactus falls and crashes on top of McQueen.] OW!!!!
[The screen shows McQueen, covered with little bits of cactus around him, as he continues pulling Bessie along the road, while "Find Yourself" is playing.]

Lightning McQueen: Turn right to go left. Guess what. I tried it. You know what? This crazy thing happened... I went right!
Lizzie: You keep talking to yourself, people'll think you're crazy!
Lightning McQueen: Thanks for the tip.
Lizzie: What? I wasn't talking to you!
[Then the screen shows Luigi and Guido as they decorate their store, with helping them. Luigi is cleaning the windows from inside while are cleaning the windows from outside, while Guido is holding two rollers dipped in green paint from two trays and paints the wall beneath the windows. Sally then comes to them.]

Sally Carrera: Oh, Guido, e bellissimo!
Guido: Che cosa?
Sally Carrera: It looks great! This is great!
Guido: Ti piace, eh? Si, si, bellissimo.
[Luigi then comes out, happy on Sally's comments. Meanwhile, Mater uses his hook to get the "Tow Mater Towing & Salvage" sign upright while and watch him.]

Tow Mater: [groans as he pulls his sign upright, then passes gas] Oh, Lord! [Then the sign tilts to the other side. Mater laughs] Huh?
Sheriff: Mater?! I need you to watch the prisoner tonight.
Tow Mater: Well, Dad Gum! Wait a minute, what if he tries to run again?
Sheriff: Just let him run outta gas and tow him on back. But keep an eye on him.
Tow Mater: Yes, sir! [closes one eye, and keeps the other open] Unh!
[Sheriff sighs and drives away]

Lightning McQueen: While I'm stuck here paving this stinking road, chick's in california schmoozing dinoco. My dinoco! [feels something] WHOA WHOA WHOA! Who's touching me?! [Guido then pops up beside him. He was spinning each of McQueen's tires to get the cactus bits off them, and uses a spray can on the tires.]
Luigi: You have a slow leak. Guido, he fix. You make a such a nice new road. You come to my shop. Luigi take a good care of you. Even though you not a Ferrari. [to McQueen] You buy four tires, I give you a full size spare absolutely free!
Lightning McQueen: Look, I get all my tires for free.
Luigi: [chuckles and gasps] I like your style, Eu? You drive the hard bargain. Okay, Luigi make you a new deal. You buy one tire, I give you three for free! [The screen shows Sally watching them, then she turns around to see Flo amazed with Ramone cleaning a fence around a house beside Ramone's House of Body Art.]
Flo: Aw... Would you look at that? Ramone, Ramone!
Ramone: [chuckles]
Luigi: Then Luigi make you a new deal.
[Sally Carrera then looks towards Red cleaning the Leaning Tower of Tires with his water, while McQueen and Luigi continue talking.]

Lightning McQueen: No, no, no, no. Deal me out. Pass. No, thank you. [The screen then shows McQueen, Luigi, Guido.]
Luigi: No, no, no, no, no. This is it, my last offer. You buy one tire, I give you 7-a snow tire for all free! Done. You interested, you call me. You know where I am.
[Luigi and Guido then leave. McQueen exhales deeply. Suddenly, a burst of water is shot out at McQueen, causing most of the cactus pieces on him to come off.]

Lightning McQueen: Stop! Let me--! [Then the water stops, as McQueen coughs. The screen then turns around to show Sally Carrera and Red, who was shooting water at McQueen to get him clean.]
Sally Carrera: [noticing a cactus piece on McQueen's hood] Oh, Red! You missed a spot, see it right there? On the hood right there.
Lightning McQueen: No, no!
[Red then starts shooting water at McQueen again, struggling to get the cactus piece off McQueen's hood.]

Lightning McQueen: NO! Stop! Stop! That cold! Help! Please stop! [Finally, the cactus piece comes off, and Red stops. McQueen coughs and sputters]
Sally Carrera: Thanks, Red. [Red then leaves.]
Lightning McQueen: What was that for?!
Sally Carrera: Do you wanna stay at the Cozy Cone or what?
Lightning McQueen: Huh?
Sally Carrera: And if you do, you gotta be clean. 'Cause even here in hillibilly hell we have standards.
Lightning McQueen: What, I--? I don't get it.
Sally Carrera: Nothing I just thought I'd say thank you for doing a great job. So I thought I'd let you stay with me. I mean, not with me! But there. Not with me there, but there in your own Cozy Cone. And I'd be in my cone, and it's...
Lightning McQueen: Wait. Wait, you're being nice to me.
Sally Carrera: I mean if you want to stay at the dirty impound, thats, thats fine. You know, I understand you criminal types.
Lightning McQueen: No, no, no, no. That's okay. Yeah, the Cozy Cone. [looks at the Cozy Cone Motel]
Sally Carrera: Eu, it's newly refurbished.
Lightning McQueen: [chuckles] Yeah, it's like a clever little twist the motel's made out of caution cones, which, of course, cars usually try to avoid, now we're gonna stay in them. [chuckles] That's funny.
Sally Carrera: Figure that all out on your own, did you? [reverses and turns around, drives back to the motel] Cone number one, if you want.
Lightning McQueen: [groans and notices a tattoo on Sally Carrera's back] Hey, do I spy a little pinstriping tattoo back there?
Sally Carrera: OH! [turns around and giggles, then reverses] That's just a-- [bumps into a pile of cones, with one on her roof] OH! [McQueen and Sally laughing] Oh, You saw that? [giggles] Yeah! Just gonna be going. [reverses to the door of the building] Gonna... [the cone on her roof comes off as it hits the door] Yeah. [McQueen then grins. The screen then zooms out to show Mater next to them.]
Tow Mater: [McQueen gasps as Mater starts talking] Ya know, I once knew this girl doreen. Good-lookin' girl! Looked just like a jaguar, only she was a truck! Ya know, I used to crash into her, just so I could spoke to her!
Lightning McQueen: What are you talking about?
Tow Mater: I don't know. Hey, I know somethin' we can do tonight, 'cause I'm in charge of watchin' ya!
Lightning McQueen: No, Mater, I gotta finish this road, and I have to get out of here.
Tow Mater: Well, that's all right, Mr. I Can't Turn On Dirt. You probably couldn't handle it anyway.
Lightning McQueen: Whoa, whoa, easy now, Mater. You know who you're talking to? This is Lightning McQueen. I can handle anything.
[Then the screen shows McQueen and beside Mater on top of a hill at night.]

Lightning McQueen: [Whispers] Mater, I'm not doing this.
Tow Mater: Aw, come on, you'll love it! [Mater chuckles. The screen then shows a field full of sleeping tractors.] Tractor-tippin's fun!
Lightning McQueen: [Tractors snoring] This is ridiculous.
Tow Mater: [to McQueen] Alright, listen, when I say go, we go, but don't let Frank catch ya, GO! [drives towards the field]
Lightning McQueen: Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Wait, Wait, Wait! W--Wh--Who's Frank? [Mater continues driving, and enters the field. McQueen whispering] Mater! Wait, Mater! [McQueen and the whole team then follow Mater.]
Tow Mater: Okay, here's what you do, ye just sneak up in front of them, and then honk? And they do the rest. Watch this. [tiptoes towards a tractor, and honks his horn loudly. Tractor 1 wakes up. Leans up and moos, then lands on its back. Then gas is heard sloshing, and the tractor backfires, which it sounded like farting. Mater laughs loudly]
Tow Mater: I swear, tractors is so dumb! I tell you what, buddy, ye don't get much better than this.
Lightning McQueen: Yep, you're living the dream, Mater boy.
[Then Mater drives away towards another tractor, jumps up into the air, lands back on the ground, and honks his horn. Tractor 2 wakes up. Leans up, moos, and lands on its back. Mater then drives back to McQueen and the team, and poses himself for the tractor's gas sloshing and the backfiring. Mater laughs again.]

Tow Mater: I don't care who you are, that's funny right there. [to the team, to McQueen] Ah, you turn, bud.
Lightning McQueen: Mater, I can't. I don't even have a horn.
Tow Mater: Baby?
Lightning McQueen: I'm not a baby!
Tow Mater: [clucking]
Lightning McQueen: [to Mater] Fine. Stop, Stop, Okay? Alright, I'll do something.
[Then the screen shows McQueen driving slowly towards a tractor. He stops in front of it, and just watches. Tractor 3 snores, McQueen looks shocked, then he looks towards and Mater, who grins and moves his tire towards the tractor. The camera then shows from beneath the tractor's undercarriage as McQueen gets prepared to do something. The screen then does a close-up on McQueen as he revs his engine loudly. Tractor 3 wakes up. Then all of the other tractors wake up. Tractors exclaim, and lean up all land on their backs. Then the tractors gurgle as Mater, McQueen and look toward each other. Then the tractors all backfire, one by one. After one second, the last tractor remaining backfires. Then Mater, McQueen laugh. Then an angry moo is heard in the distance as they both stop laughing. The screen then turns to show a bush, and some lights from behind as another moo is heard.]

Tow Mater: ... That's Frank. [drives away, while our heroes are standing still]
[Then the bushes get shredded as Frank, a combine harvester appears and notices our heroes. Frank bellows angrily]

Lightning McQueen: [Screams]
[Our non-vehicle heroes run and fly away, while the vehicle heroes rev their engines, turn around and drive away quickly as Frank chases them. Frank bellows. Frank gets closer to McQueen, who then goes faster as he notices. Our heroes then catch up to Mater, who is laughing.]

Tow Mater: RUN!!! [continues laughing. Then the screen zooms out to show them heading towards the fence. Our heroes then turn to the left as Frank continues chasing them. Frank bellowing, Mater laughing. Frank is then seen from his side as he gains on McQueen and the team.] RUN, HE'S GONNA GET YA! [The screen then shows from our heroes' point of view as they all come towards another end of the field where there was one piece in the fence, and the whole team drive through it. McQueen screams and Frank stops as he comes towards the edge of the field, and McQueen and the whole team stop and then drive away on the road with Mater back to Radiator Springs. Mater laughing]
Sally Carrera: [Then the screen shows Sally inside the Cozy Cone Motel. Shadows then appear moving on the wall. Sally gasping and notices the shadows] Customers! [drives towards the door, turns on the neon lights, and notices a light saying "no" going off and coming back on, turns the lights off, turns the lights on again, but the "no" light was on before and turned off when the other lights turned on. Then we see Mater, McQueen and in the distance driving, walking and fluttering along the road.]
Tow Mater: Tomorrow night we can go look for the ghost light!
Lightning McQueen: I can't wait, Mater.
Tow Mater: Oh, yeah, I'm tellin' ya! [As Mater talks, the screen shows Sally, who notices them, sighs, grins and drives back into the building. Then the screen shows Mater, McQueen and the team again.] Oh, boy, you gotta admit that was fun!
Lightning McQueen: Oh, Yeah Yeah.
Tow Mater: Well, we better get ya back to the impound lot.
Lightning McQueen: You know, actually, Sally's gonna let me stay at the motel.
Tow Mater: Aw. Gettin' cozy at the Cone, is we?
Lightning McQueen: Oh, co-No, No, Are you kidding? Besides, she can't stand me. [McQueen scoffs] And I don't like her, to be honest.
Tow Mater: Yeah, you probably right: "HEY, LOOK, THERE'S MISS SALLY!"
Lightning McQueen: [looking around] Where-Where?!
Tow Mater: [laughing] [McQueen groans] You're in love with Miss Sally!
Lightning McQueen: [As our heroes are talking, Sally then turns to see them from inside the building.] No, I'm not.
Tow Mater: Yes, ya do.
Lightning McQueen: No way.
Tow Mater: Way.
Lightning McQueen: Come on, look...
Tow Mater: [turns around and drives backwards] You're in love with Miss Sally! You're in love with Miss Sally!
Lightning McQueen: Okay, that's real mature Mater, real grown up.
Tow Mater: You love her! You love her, you love her! You love her, You love her, You love her!
Lightning McQueen: Wait... Alright, okay, Mater, Mater, Mater, no! [Mater laughs and noticing Mater driving backwards] Will you stop that?!
Tow Mater: Stop what?
Lightning McQueen: That's driving backwards stuff. It's creeping me out. You're gonna wreck on something.
Tow Mater: [stops moving] Wreck?! Shoot, I'm the world's best backwards driver! You just watch this right here, lover boy. [drives backwards with his lights on, drives towards one of the Cozy Cones]
Lightning McQueen: What are you doing?! Watch out, Look out! Mater?! [Mater then drives around the cone.] Mater! [Mater laughs as he drives around a few more cones] Mater! [Sally watches as Mater drives around the building. Finally, Mater drives backwards onto the desert ground, stops, and starts spinning.] Hey, take it easy, Mater!
Tow Mater: [screams happily. Then Mater stops spinning, and drives backwards into the forest, laughing. Mater grunting and blubbering, and jumps high up into the air in front of the full orange Moon]
Lightning McQueen: [Laughs] He's nuts!
Tow Mater: [driving back to McQueen and while still going backwards] No need to watch where I'm goin'! [jumps and turns around as he stops in front of McQueen] Just need to know where I've been. [turns his lights off]
Lightning McQueen: Whoa, that was incredible! How'd you do that?
Tow Mater: Rear view mirrors. We'll get you some, and I'll teach you if you want.
Lightning McQueen: [chuckles] Yeah, maybe I'll use it in my big race. [drives along]
Tow Mater: What's so important about this race of yours, anyway?
Lightning McQueen: [stops moving, and turns around] It's not just a race. We're talking about the Piston Cup! I've been dreaming about it my whole life! I'll be the first rookie in history ever to win it. And when I do, we're talkin' big new sponsor, with private helicopters. No more medicated bumper ointment. No more rusty old cars.
Tow Mater: What's wrong with rusty old cars?
Lightning McQueen: Well, I don't mean you, Mater. I mean other old cars. You know? Not like you. I like you.
Tow Mater: Nah, it's okay, buddy. [to McQueen] Hey, you think maybe one day I can get a ride in one of 'em helicopters? I mean, I've always wanted to ride in one of them fancy helicopters.
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure, sure.
Tow Mater: You mean it?
Lightning McQueen: Oh, yeah. Anything you say.
Tow Mater: I knew it. I knowed I made a good choice!
Lightning McQueen: In what?
Tow Mater: My best friend.
[Then McQueen and the whole of smile at this.]

Tow Mater: See ya tomorrow, buddy! [Mater then turns on his lights, swings his hook, and drives backwards around McQueen and back to his home. Mater singing as he drives backwards] McQueen and Sally parked beneath a tree, K-i-s somethin'-somethin'-somethin'-t!
Lightning McQueen: [McQueen laughs. Then the team walk, flutter and drive toward the Cozy Cones, as McQueen tries to go backwards and looks behind.] Whoa, whoa, whoa. [We then see Sally as she watches them all going to their Cozy Cones.] Now then... [looks around to find his cone] Number 1, number 1! [finds Cone number one] Oh, Number 1! [drives into the cone and looks around as Sally comes to him.] Ha, this is nice.
Sally Carrera: Hey, Stickers! [McQueen screams and Sally shrieks] I'm sorry!
Lightning McQueen: [turns around] Whoq! You scared me, you gotta be careful.
Sally Carrera: I scared myself scaring you scaring me.
Lightning McQueen: I mean, I wasn't like "scared" scared.
Sally Carrera: No, of course not. Not.
Lightning McQueen: I was more...
Sally Carrera: Just I overheard you talking to Mater.
Lightning McQueen: When? Just, just now? What, what did, what did you hear?
Sally Carrera: Oh, just something about a helicopter ride.
Lightning McQueen: Oh, yeah. Yeah, he got a kick out of that, didn't he?
Sally Carrera: Did you mean it?
Lightning McQueen: What?
Sally Carrera: That you'll get him a ride.
Lightning McQueen: Oh, who knows? I mean first things first. I gotta get outta here and make the race.
Sally Carrera: Uh-huh. You know Mater trusts you.
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, okay.
Sally Carrera: Did you mean that?
Lightning McQueen: What?
Sally Carrera: Was it just a "Yeah, okay", or "Yeah...okay" or"Yea-yeah, okay"?
Lightning McQueen: Look, I'm exhausted. It's kinda been a long day.
Sally Carrera: Yeah, okay. Good night. [turns around and drives back to the building]
Lightning McQueen: [McQueen grunts as he remembers what asked him to do] Ah... Hey, thank you.
Sally Carrera: [Sally then stops, and turns around.] What did you just say?
Lightning McQueen: You know, thanks for letting me stay here. It's nice to be out of the impound, and this is... It's great. Newly refurbished, right?
Sally Carrera: Yeah.
Lightning McQueen: Good night.
Sally Carrera: Good night. [drives back to her building, Sally giggles. Then McQueen presses a button to close the door on the cone.]
[The next morning, we hear an off-screen rooster crowing and we see the United States flag moving up to the top of a pole as a reveille plays. The screen then changes shot to the ground to show Sarge, who had raised the flag up.]

Sarge: [salutes with his antenna. Then Sarge's bugle reveille gets interrupted by Jimi Hendrix's rendition of "The Star-Strangled Banner" being put on by Fillmore.] Will you turn that disrespectful junk off?!
Fillmore: Respect the classics, man. It's Hendrix.
[Then the screen shows inside McQueen's cone, where he is still sleeping. McQueen groans, then breathes rapidly and mutters. Fast-paced electronic music plays as McQueen mutters, which it is shown that McQueen was dreaming of competing in the final race with The King and Chick, only that it was actually the Motor Speedway of the South circuit, not the Los Angeles International Speedway. Suddenly, Frank appears on the track, driving behind the three racers. Frank growling and Chick screaming. All three racers get shocked at seeing Frank. The King drives off the track, Chick gets shredded by Frank's shredders. Then McQueen slides off the track. Frank crosses the finish line as the camera zooms in on Dexter Hoover's checkered flag and shows Frank on stage with his Piston Cup trophy, Tex and the Dinoco Girls. Two of the Dinoco Girls, who are on trophy models with discs on top, kiss Frank on his cheeks. Frank screaming loudly. Then the screen shows McQueen being surrounded by tractors, which one of them licks him. Tractor mooing. Then the screen shows back in the present, where McQueen wakes up from his dream.]

Lightning McQueen: No! [gasping] [Then an alarm beeps as a model car pops in and out of a miniature cone alarm clock.] I gotta get outta here! Hey, have you seen the Sheriff? [The screen shows inside Doc Hudson's building as McQueen and come in, notices Sheriff's rear, as Sheriff is on a ramp up in the air] Oh! Oh, my gosh. Oh!
Doc Hudson: [The screen turns around as it shows that Doc Hudson was sorting something on Sheriff's undercarriage. Doc turns around] Hey, what are you doing?!
Sheriff: Get a good peak, City Boy?
Lightning McQueen: [Stutters] I, a.. a.. I just need my daily gas ration from the Sheriff.
Doc Hudson: [angrily] Wait for him at Flo's! Now get outta here!
Lightning McQueen: I'VE BEEN TRYING TO GET OUTTA HERE FOR 3 DAYS! [McQueen and then leave the building.]
Sheriff: Hope you enjoyed the show! [McQueen grunts in anger as he kicks a can, which goes into a garage in the side of Doc Hudson's building, and we hear the sounds of objects falling down. McQueen and the team stop moving as they hear this. McQueen groans. Then the screen shows inside the garage as McQueen opens the doors, and he and the whole of enter. McQueen notices all of the boxes on the floor beside him]
Lightning McQueen: [Chuckling] Whoa ho, Doc. Time to clean out the garage, buddy, come on. [Then our heroes notice something near the window. They turn towards it, and it turns out to be a Piston Cup trophy. They look up to see that the text on the bottom says "Hudson Hornet, Champion, 1951".] What? He has a Piston Cup? [Then they look to see another Piston Cup trophy behind a few boxes. They push the boxes aside, and see a third trophy as well along with four old racing tires with red hubcaps.] Oh, my gosh. Three Piston Cup? [They look at the text on the two trophies, which say that Doc was the champion of 1952 and 1953. Then they look to see a newspaper beside saying "Third Piston Cup Win! Hudson Hornet champion for all time" and showing a picture of Doc with the racing number 51 and the text "Fabulous Hudson Hornet" and a few other decals.]
Doc Hudson: Sign says stay out! [McQueen gasps upon hearing Doc's voice]
Lightning McQueen: [They all reverse and see Doc standing grumpily outside the door.]You, You've three Piston Cups. How could you have--? [Doc drives in]
Doc Hudson: I knew you couldn't drive. I didn't know you couldn't read. [as Doc pushes our heroes outside]
Lightning McQueen: You're the Hudson Hornet!
Doc Hudson: Wait over at Flo's, like I told you!!
Lightning McQueen: Of course. I can't believe I didn't see it before! You're The Fabulous Hudson Hornet! You still to hold the record for most wins in single season! Oh, we gotta talk. You gotta show me your tricks. Please.
Doc Hudson: I already tried that.
Lightning McQueen: And you won the championship three times! Look at those trophies!
Doc Hudson: You look. All I see is a bunch of empty cups. [closes the doors. McQueen frowns]
["Behind the Clouds" plays as the screen shows the other residents, except Ramone and Sally, at Flo's V8 Cafe.]

Fillmore: You know, some automotive yoga could really lower your RPM's, man.
Sarge: Oh, take a car wash, hippie.
Flo: Yeah, look at my husband, y'all. WHOO! That's your color!
[Ramone shows up while Flo is talking, having yellow paint and a bit of purple and his orange and yellow flame on his sides.]

Ramone: Yellow, baby. [chuckles]
Flo: Mm! You smoking hot!
Sheriff: [noticing McQueen and come towards them] There he is!
Lightning McQueen: Oh My Gosh! Did you know Doc is a famous race-car?!
Folks: [All of the residents stay silent for a few seconds, then all of them except Sheriff laugh.]
Sheriff: Doc? Our Doc?
Sarge: Not Doc Hudson.
[The screen shows inside Doc Hudson's garage as he then grumpily watches the conversation outside.]

Lightning McQueen: No no no no no, it's true! He's a real racing legend. He's The Fabulous Hudson Hornet!
Flo: Fabulous? I never seen Doc drive more than 20 miles an hour. I mean, have you ever seen him race?
Lightning McQueen: No, but I wish I could have of... They say he was amazing, he wins three Piston Cups!
Tow Mater: [spits out on his drink] He did what in his cup?
Sheriff: I think the heat's starting to get to the boy!
Lizzie: Well, I'll say! Look how red he is! [McQueen frowns]
Ramone: Yeah, I think he needs a new coat of poly, man.
Tow Mater: Are ya sick, buddy?
Sheriff: You are looking a little peaked.
Ramone: Yeah, he needs a new coat of poly for sure!
[Then the screen shows Sally pressing a foot pedal attached to one of the fuel dispensers, causing the pump to go into McQueen's fuel door and pump fuel into him. The gas bell rings as the screen shows the fuel dispenser with the gallons of fuel and total sale.]

Sheriff: Hey-Hey! What are you doing?!
Sally Carrera: It's okay, Sheriff. You can trust me, right?
Sheriff: I trust you, all right. It's him I'm worried about.
Sally Carrera: Mm... I trust him. [to McQueen] Come on, let's take a drive.
Lightning McQueen: A drive?
Sally Carrera: Yeah, a drive. Don't you big city race cars ever just take a drive?
Lightning McQueen: Uh, No. No, we don't.
[The gas pump then stops and vibrates once. Sally then drives onto the road towards the courthouse, and McQueen moves himself to make the gas pump move back into its place. As McQueen drives onto the road, he turns towards the other side of the road and smiles as the screen shows the distance. Then Sheriff, thinking that McQueen is planning to escape, turns on his emergency lighting.]

Sally Carrera: Hey, Stickers! Do you comin' or what?
Flo: [Sally and the whole of then fly and chuff the other way out of town toward the courthouse. McQueen then turns around and follows them.] Mm-hm! [to Sheriff] And you thought he was gonna run. [Sheriff turns off his emergency lighting.]
Ramone: Hey, can you believe it, man? He actually thought Doc was a famous race-car! [Laughing] That's so too much! [We then see Doc inside his garage looking outside the window, now feeling sad.]
Lightning McQueen: [The screen shows McQueen and the whole of catching up with Sally after they go past Radiator Cap Mountain, to Sally] Okay, you got me out here. Where are we going?
Sally Carrera: I don't know. [Then McQueen revs his engine and moves a bit ahead of Sally, then Sally revs hers and moves a bit ahead. McQueen does the same thing, then Sally races off.]
Lightning McQueen: Whoa! Yes!
[Our heroes then go faster as they race Sally through a forest. McQueen and eventually catch her up as they come towards a puddle across the road. The water splashed by Sally goes onto McQueen. McQueen sputters and shakes the water off. Sally giggles. Sally then comes across another puddle. McQueen and our heroes dodge the water splashed by her. McQueen laughs. Suddenly, some mud hits McQueen. McQueen groans and Sally giggles. Then McQueen come towards a pile of leaves on one side of the road. He hits it, and gets leaves covered over him. McQueen groans and Sally giggles, much to his anger. McQueen sputters and shakes most of the leaves off. Our heroes then drive, chuff and fly faster as the rest of the leaves come off McQueen. As they go past a lake, our heroes overtake Sally. Later, they go around a hairpin that goes uphill, and continue driving around the bends. McQueen and Sally smile as Sally drives past him. Then our heroes get surprised as they see a hill shaped like a car's front with the small road tunnel beneath it in place of a tire. Then they go through a longer tunnel in a bigger hill. As they come out, they see a waterfall behind a road bridge. McQueen then looks towards Sally, who was driving along the bridge. She then looks towards him, to which McQueen smiles, and we see a few bugs on the front of his teeth. Sally giggles. McQueen laughs, then notices the bugs on his teeth. Gasps and spits them off. Our heroes then cross the bridge and follow Sally along a zigzag of curves. The song then ended as they go around a regular left curve, and stop at an old motel.]

Lightning McQueen: Wow! What is this place?
Sally Carrera: Wheel Well. Used to be the most popular stop on the mother road.
Lightning McQueen: [Our heroes then see a few gas pumps, and then look at some old cans and parts with flies flying and crawling.] This place? [The screen shows a closeup of the flies buzzing around and crawling. The car-ified bugs beep their horns. The camera then zooms out.]
Sally Carrera: [sighs] Yeah, imagine...Oh, imagine what it must have been like to stay here.
Lightning McQueen: [to Sally] You know, I don't get you. How does a Porsche wind up in a place like this?
Sally Carrera: Well, it's really pretty simple. I was... [drives into the motel, while our heroes follow her in.] ...an attorney in LA living life in the fast lane, and.
Lightning McQueen: Ah, you were, were you? Were you rich?
Sally Carrera: What?
Lightning McQueen: Just... clues to the puzzle.
Sally Carrera: Yeah, okay. Well, that was my life. And you know what? It never felt...happy.
Lightning McQueen: Yeah. I mean...really?
Sally Carrera: [Then, Sally Carrera sings her version of the song "What More Is Out There" to McQueen and explaining her contemplating her place at LA, living life in the fast lane and also lamenting that she feels trapped at California with all the other rich cars and cannot find somewhere she truly belongs. While all our heroes listen to Sally, McQueen sings to himself in his mind about his racing life in the past and now in the present but now realizes somehow he's lacking and missing something very important in his life, but he couldn't figure out what it is.] Yeah. So I left California. Just drove and drove and finally broke down right here. Doc fixed me up, Flo took me in. Well, they all did. And I never left. [Sally then drives out of the motel as the screen shows from behind one of the windows with a few flies crawling on it, along with a dead one being upside down. Our heroes then follow Sally outside.]
Lightning McQueen: Yeah. You know, I understand. You need a little R & R. Recharge and old batteries. But you know, after a while, why didn't you go back?
Sally Carrera: [Inhales deeply] I fell in love.
Lightning McQueen: Oh.
Sally Carrera: Yep.
Lightning McQueen: Corvette?
Sally Carrera: No. [drives to the cliff with small logs as barriers, as McQueen and the whole team follow her] I fell in love with this. [The screen then changes to show the wonderful view of Ornament Valley and Radiator Springs.]
Lightning McQueen: Whoa. [seeing the mountain where the road led up to] Look at that. [sees some traffic driving on the Interstate 40 in the distance] Look, they're driving right by. They don't even know what they're missing! ["Our Town" starts to play.]
Sally Carrera: Well, it didn't used to be that way.
Lightning McQueen: Oh, yeah?
Sally Carrera: Yeah. 40 years ago, that Interstate down there didn't exist.
Lightning McQueen: Really? [The screen shows the Interstate again as it does an illusion of the Interstate fading and the hills joined up.]
Sally Carrera: Yeah. Back then, cars came across the country a whole different way.
Lightning McQueen: How do you mean? [The screen then goes to a flashback showing an aerial view of some traffic driving along Route 66 as Sally starts talking.]
Sally Carrera: Well, the road didn't cut through land like that Interstate. It moved with the land, you know? It rose, it fell, it curved. [The screen then shows at ground level as it moves from side to side beside the road with traffic going by.]
Folk: Mornin'! Nice day, huh?
Sally Carrera: [narrating] Cars didn't drive on it to make a great time. They drove on it to have a great time.
[The screen then moves around the center of Radiator Springs as the singing of "Our Town" starts. We see Flo serving a few drinks to her customers, as Mater, covered completely with blue paint, tows a red car named Percy Handbrakes to Flo's V8 Cafe. The screen then shows Sarge and Fillmore talking to each other as cars enter into Ramone's House of Body Art, and Ramone, in a dark red paint job with white at the bottom of his sides, comes out with Greta, who then goes to Luigi's Casa Della Tires. Mildred Bylane then comes out of the store with new tires, and drives away. Sheriff is seen sleeping beside the store. Then the screen goes back to Sally, McQueen and the whole.]

Lightning McQueen: Well, what happened?
Sally Carrera: The town got bypassed just to save ten minutes of driving.
[The screen then shows a map, which shows the Interstate 40 being constructed and going past Route 66, including Radiator Springs. The screen then shows Red, Flo, Ramone, Luigi and Guido watch with excitement at the new highway under construction. Then the screen shows Radiator Springs again as Mater and Red the fire truck put a sign above the intersection, saying "Welcome, Interstate travelers". The screen shows on one side of the Interstate after its construction is finished, then some traffic appear driving along the highway, as the screen then changes to show on Radiator Springs' main road, with no traffic driving on it. We then see Mater, Sheriff, Lizzie, Fillmore, Sarge, Luigi, Guido, Flo, Ramone and Red looking sad. The screen then shows the map again as Radiator Springs' mark on it disappears as well as the thick red line and signs of Route 66 changing to a thin blue line. We then see several of the buildings behind Luigi's Casa Della Tires and Ramone's House of Body Art as they change to show that they have been closed down. We again see the same residents with a sad look at those buildings, then we see Ramone and Flo with Luigi and Guido as they head back to their stores. Luigi puts up a "We're still open" sign behind the window of his store. The camera then moves slowly backwards along the main road of Radiator Springs, showing "Open" signs at several of the stores along with the traffic light showing its red and green lights. The screen then changes to show the road at the present time and much further, with the traffic light blinking its amber light, and the partly-finished road, as we then see McQueen, Sally and the whole of there.]

Lightning McQueen: How great would it have been to see this place in its heyday!
Sally Carrera: Oh, I can't tell you how many times I've dreamed of that. But one of these days, we'll find a way to get it back on the map.
Lightning McQueen: Yeah. [to Sally] Hey, listen, thanks for the drive. I had a great time. It's kinda nice to slow down every once in a while.
Sally Carrera: You're welcome. [drives back to the Cozy Cone Motel]
[Suddenly, Mater rushes towards our heroes, looking worried.]
Tow Mater: Hey, listen, listen! If anybody asks you, we was out smashin' mailboxes, okay?! [drives away]
Lightning McQueen: [chuckling] Wha... What?
[Suddenly, they hear a rumble. Then they look at the other end of the road to see what it is. The camera turns around to show that end of the road as a stampede of tractors appears driving towards the town. Tractors mooing. McQueen and the whole team drive and jump off the road just as the tractors come towards them. The tractors drive through the town, as Flo, Sarge, Fillmore and Sheriff notice them from Flo's V8 Cafe. We then see Ramone using paint to spray the markings on the road. Red is watering his flowers. Ramone noticing the tractors]

Ramone: Oh, man, the paint's still wet! [drives away]
[Red stops watering as he notices the tractors. Tractors mooing. Red moves in front of Stanley's statue and honks loudly at the tractors to make most of them tip. Tractors tipping mooing. One of the tractors who did not tip drives into Luigi's Casa Della Tires, as Luigi and Guido try to get it out.]

Luigi: No, no, no, no, get out of the store! [notices another tractor munching on a radial tire] Hey?! DON'T EAT THE RADIAL! Here, take-a the snow tires. [nudges a set of snow tires. We then see McQueen and the whole of arriving at the scene as Sheriff, Fillmore, Sarge and Mater drive around the town, with Sheriff chasing one of the tractors, another tractor between Fillmore and Sarge as they drive around, while Mater is not chasing a tractor.]
Sheriff: MATER!
Tow Mater: I wasn't tractor-tippin'!
Sheriff: THEN WHERE DID ALL THESE GOL-DURN TRACTORS COME FROM?!
Fillmore: [McQueen laughs, exclaiming] WHOA, BOY! WHOA!
Lightning McQueen: [noticing a tractor driving away from the town] Hey! Hey, guys, There's one going this way! [pause] I got it! [McQueen and the whole team then follow the tractor, who is driving towards Willy's Butte.] Come here, little tractor, come here. [The tractor then stops.] Yeah, that's a good tractor. [But the tractor then moves away.] No, no, no, no, come here. [But the tractor just drives away.] What are you doing? You're not supposed to go wandering off all--[notices Doc Hudson on the track]--alone. [Then the whole of all notice Doc on the track, as well. The screen then shows McQueen and the whole team as they get closer to a distance from the track, while the tractor drives back towards the town. McQueen noticing that Doc has his racing tires on] What are you doing with those old racing tires? [The screen does a closeup of Doc's side to show us one of his racing tires. It then moves to on the road to show him still standing there. Doc sighs heavily] [McQueen whispering] Come on, Doc, drive. [Doc looks towards the end of the track, then revs his engine. McQueen and smile as the camera does a closeup on Doc's front, the lining on his trunk and side, his rear, and his front and eyes, and he then sets off. Our heroes watch him happily. Doc drives along the hillside beside the first curve. As he drives along the next straight, our heroes get shocked as he comes towards the final curve where McQueen slid off before. Doc then does an opposite lock, where he turns his body to the left, and turns his wheels right while going around the curve perfectly. Doc then stops as he approaches the finish line, with the dust covering the camera for a few seconds until it shows him looking happy.]
Doc Hudson: [sighs heavily] Yeah.
Lightning McQueen: [McQueen and the whole team come toward Doc.] Wow! [noticing our heroes] You're amazing! [But Doc just angrily drives away. McQueen coughs from the dust] What are you doing? Doc, wait! [McQueen and the whole of then follow Doc as they arrive back in Radiator Springs. As Doc goes left on the crossroad back to his garage, McQueen and the whole team stop as the tractors drive along in a lineup with Mater behind. Tractors mooing. Mater hitting the back tractor with his hook]
Tow Mater: Giddy-up right in there! Come on, Rusty. WHEE-HE!
Lightning McQueen: [McQueen and the whole of eventually catch up with Doc as he drives into his garage.] Doc, hold it! Seriously, your driving's incredible!
Doc Hudson: Wonderful. Now, go away.
Lightning McQueen: [as he and the whole team drive into the garage] Hey, I mean it. You've still got it!
Doc Hudson: I'm asking you to leave.
Lightning McQueen: Come on. I'm a race car, you're a much older race car, but under the hood you and I are the same.
Doc Hudson: We are not the same! Understand? Now, get out. [drives out of his garage]
Lightning McQueen: How could a car like you quit at the top of your game?
Doc Hudson: [pauses] You think I quit? [Doc then presses a button on the garage floor to turn on a light beside our heroes, who then look to see a newspaper's front page on the wall saying "Crash! Hudson Hornet out for season".]
Lightning McQueen: Right. Your big wreck in 54.
Doc Hudson: They quit on me, when I finally got put together, I went back expecting a big welcome, you know what they said? "You're history", moved right on to the next rookie standing in line, there was a lot left in me, I never got chance to show 'em, I keep that, to remind me never to go back, I just never expected that that world would find me here.
Lightning McQueen: Hey, look, Doc, I'm not 'em.
Doc Hudson: Oh, yeah?
Lightning McQueen: No, I'm not.
Doc Hudson: When is the last time you cared about something except yourself, hot rod? You name me one time. And I will take it all back. [McQueen then feels ashamed.] Uh-huh? I didn't think so. [to McQueen, who then feels ashamed again] These are good folk around here, who care about one another. I don't want 'em depending on someone they can't count on.
Lightning McQueen: Oh, like you? You've been here how long and your friends don't even know who you are? [Doc then looks hurt at McQueen's fact.] Who's caring about only himself?
Doc Hudson: Just finish that road and get outta here! [drives away]
[The screen shows Radiator Cap Mountain and Cadillac Range the next morning, as the same reveille Sarge uses is heard playing. It is again interrupted by Fillmore playing "The Star-Strangled Banner".]

Sarge: Will you turn that disrespectful junk off?!
Fillmore: Respect the classics, man.
[The screen then shows Mater sleeping and snores in his house, shown to be drooling oil. He then snorts and putters as he wakes up, groans as he stretches himself. Mater smacks and sighs. Mater then drives to the main road, where he notices that it has been completed and there is no sign of McQueen and the whole of Mater and Doc are then shown driving to the end of the paving.]

Tow Mater: He's done. He must've finished it while we was all sleepin'.
Doc Hudson: Good riddance. [Doc then drives away as the other residents arrive at the same scene. Ramone has a red paint job.]
Flo: He's gone?
Sarge: Well, we wouldn't want him to miss that race of his. [Sally drives away.]
Sheriff: [sniffs]
Ramone: Oh, dude, are you crying?
Sheriff: NO! I'M HAPPY! I DON'T HAVE TO WATCH HIM EVERY SECOND OF THE DAY ANYMORE! I'M GLAD HE'S GONE!
Red: [blubbers, then sobs and drives away, again knocking down that same pile of tires at that corner of the impound. Just then, McQueen and the whole of show up after just coming back through the portal.]
Lightning McQueen: What's wrong with Red?
Tow Mater: [not realizing who he's talking to] Oh, he's just sad 'cause you left town, and went to your big race to win the Piston Cup that you've always dreamed about yer whole life and get that big ol' sponsor and that fancy helicopter you was talking about. [As he talks, the other residents then notice our heroes, looking glad. After finishing his quote, Mater stares at McQueen and the team as they are grinning. Mater gasps as he realizes who he was talking to] Wait a minute! [other laugh, smacks McQueen with his tire] I knowed you wouldn't leave without saying goodbye.
Lightning McQueen: [chuckles]
Sheriff: What are you doing here, son? You're gonna miss your race. [turns on his emergency lighting] Don't worry. I'll give you a police escort, and we'll make up the time.
Lightning McQueen: Thank you, Sheriff. But you know I can't go just yet.
Sheriff: Well, why not?
Lightning McQueen: I'm not sure these tires... [Luigi gasps excitedly] ...can get me all the way to California. [Guido: Pit stop?!] Yeah, does anybody know what time Luigi's opens?
Luigi: [laughing] I can't-a believe it!
[The screen then shows the residents and outside Luigi's Casa Della Tires, watching Luigi and Guido with McQueen.]

Luigi: Four new tires! Grazien, Mr. Lightning. [gives a hug] Grazien!
Flo: [Sally then arrives, feeling glad as she sees McQueen.] Would you look at that!
Luigi: Our first real customers in years! I am filled with tears of ecstasy, [While Luigi is talking, McQueen winks to and Sally, who is then shown smiling. Doc then appears, starting to feel angry hen he sees McQueen.] for this is the most glorious day of my life!
Lightning McQueen: [as Luigi presses a button to make the car lift he is on go up] Alright, Luigi, give me the best set of black walls you've got.
Luigi: [releases the button, making the lift go back down] NO,No,No,No! You don't-a know what you want. Luigi know what you want. [drives to a couple of shelves, with one holding blackwall tires, and another being covered by a curtain] Black wall tires. They blend into the pavement. But-a this: [presses a button to pull the curtain, showing whitewall tires] "White-Wall Tires"! They say, "Look at me! Here I am! Love me."
Lightning McQueen: Alright, you're the expert.
Luigi: [chuckles and Doc snarls and drives away]
Lightning McQueen: Oh, and don't forget the spare.
Luigi: Perfetto. Guido!
Guido: Peet stop!
[Guido is then shown holding his wheel gun, which is heard whirring as Chuck Berry's version of "Route 66" plays. Luigi is seen holding a flag up, attached to his antenna. He holds it up a bit more, which Guido make the wheel gun whir. Luigi then moves the flag down, and Guido then gets to work on unfastening the bolts on McQueen's tires, as Luigi dodges one of the tires going through the air. When Guido is finished putting the new tires, McQueen is shown looking at them in a mirror.]

Luigi: [chuckling] What did Luigi tell you, Huh?
Lightning McQueen: Wow, you were right! Better than a Ferrari, huh?
Luigi: [frowns] Eh, no.
Lightning McQueen: [McQueen then frowns, and then the screen shows him and the whole team with Fillmore at the Taste-Inn, drinking some organic fuel.] Wow! This organic fuel is great! Why haven't I heard about it before?
Fillmore: It's a conspiracy, man!! The oil companies got a grip on the government!! They're feeding us a bunch of lies, man!
Lightning McQueen: Okay, I'll take a case.
[The screen then shows from McQueen's point of view as he looks around with night-vision goggles on, and Sarge is seen. The screen McQueen as the goggles move up, then it shows Sarge hooked to some surplus with a note saying, "Guaranteed, no tailgaters." The screen then shows a close-up of a snow globe with Radiator Springs Curios and Knick in it. The screen zooms out to show McQueen and looking at it with Lizzie. It then shows some bumper stickers and other souvenirs. Lizzie is then shown putting some onto McQueen. McQueen yelps as Lizzie sticks on the third sticker. The screen then shows Ramone inside his shop, holding a paint hose. Ramone chuckles. McQueen is then seen, with covers for his tires, and breathes in deeply and closes his eyes as Ramone starts to paint him. Ramone sighs. As Ramone does a shade on a lightning bolt shape. The screen then shows the other townsfolk outside at sunset. Mater noticing Sally]

Tow Mater: Here she comes!
Lightning McQueen: Okay, places, everybody. Hurry! Act natural.
Folks: [Red whistles as Sally arrives] Hi, Sally!
Sally Carrera: All right, what's going on?
Tow Mater: Ladies and gentle cars, please welcome the new: Lightnin' McQueen!
[Everyone moves out of the way as McQueen appears in his new paint job, revving his engine.]

Lightning McQueen: [posing] POW! What do you think? Radiator Springs looks pretty good on me.
Sally Carrera: [giggles] I'll say. [purrs as McQueen continues revving his engine] Ka-chow. You're gonna fit right in in California. Oh, my goodness, it looks like you've helped everybody in town.
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, everybody except one.
[Sally is shown with a happy look.]

Lightning McQueen: Hey, is it getting dark out?
Lizzie: Wh...What!? Wha--What'd he say?
Lightning McQueen: Let me say that again. Is it getting dark out?!
Lizzie: Now, what was I supposed to do after that?
[Red then presses a button on the radio, making Lizzie jump. The Chords' "Sh-Boom" is heard as the buildings' lights turn on. Ramone's House of Body Art is shown with its lights turning on. Luigi, Guido and Flo are shown at their buildings, looking glad as the lights turn on.]

Sally Carrera: [Gasping] They fixed their neon.
[The lights on Radiator Springs Curios turn on, then the ones at Fillmore's Taste-In, as Fillmore drives out, looking glad. Then the screen shows the lights on Sarge's Surplus Hut. It then shows Ramone and Flo at the crossroad.]

Flo: Low and slow?
Ramone: Oh, yeah, baby! [chuckles as they take a cruise along the main road to the Courthouse. Flo laughs and shrieks. McQueen to Sally]
Lightning McQueen: Just like in its heyday, right?
Sally Carrera: [exhales] It's even better than I pictured it. Thank you.
[The screen then shows different shots as the other townsfolk and the engines are shown cruising and the rest of are shown dancing on the sidewalks. Ramone chuckles as he lifts his bodywork up and presses his rear end on the tarmac, creating sparks. Noticing what Ramone did, Mater then presses his whole bodywork on the tarmac, creating a lot of sparks.]

Lightning McQueen: Shall we cruise?
Lizzie: [appearing out of nowhere] Oh, thank you, dear. I'd love to! [pulls McQueen away]
Lightning McQueen: No no no!
Sally Carrera: Lizzie!
Lizzie: [to McQueen as they drive along] I remember when Stanley first asked me to take a drive with him.
Tow Mater: [to Mater] Hey, "Miss Sally." May I have this cruise?
Sally Carrera: Of course, Mater.
Sheriff: [stopping them] A-A-Ah!
[The screen then shows that the traffic lights at the crossroad are now showing all the lights, as they change to red for Sally, Mater and a line of tractors then drive across, mooing.]

Lizzie: ...and again and I said, "no," and he asked me again, and I said, "no..." [Sally giggles as she notices McQueen stepping sideways while with Lizzie] ...but, oh, he was a persistent little burger for a two-cylinder... [continues driving, while McQueen stops and turns around] ...finally I said, "alright, one little drive..." [McQueen looks to see the other townsfolk still cruising. Suddenly, Mater grabs him with his tow hook.]
Lightning McQueen: OH!
Tow Mater: [laughs, "Dah ha ha ha ha ha!" tows him to Sally, and lets go]
Lightning McQueen: Hey!
Sally Carrera: Thanks, Mater.
Tow Mater: Good evening, ya two! [McQueen and Sally then look at each other. Lizzie standing next to Stanley's statue]
Lizzie: Oh, Stanley, I wish you could see this. [McQueen and Sally then touch each other's front. Flo noticing something]
Flo: Is that what I think it is?
Sally Carrera: Oh, I don't know, Flo. I haven't had a chance to find out. [both her and McQueen close their eyes] But I am going to find out. Hello.
Flo: Not that! That!
Sally Carrera: [Everyone then looks into the distance to see lots of headlights approaching. Sally gasping] Customers?
Flo: Customers, everybody! And a lot of them! You know what to do, just like we rehearsed!
Tow Mater: [Suddenly, a blue light shines on McQueen. A townsfolk gasp] It's the Ghost-Light!
Kathy Copter: [shown to be shining the light] We have found McQueen! We have found McQueen!
Cameramen: [It is then shown that the people who have arrived are actually the press, coming towards McQueen and surrounding him, flashing their cameras.] McQueen, over here, kid!
Lightning McQueen: Oh, wait......Excuse me.
Cameramen: Is it true you've been in rehab?! Did you have a nervous breakdown, McQueen?!
Lightning McQueen: I'm sorry, what?
Cameramen: McQueen's wearing whitewalls! Are the tires you wearing are turning balding?!
Sally Carrera: Stickers, McQueen!
Cameramen: [to Mater] Was Lightning McQueen your prisoner?!
Tow Mater: Shoot, no, we're best buds! I ain't braggin' or nothin', but I was in charge of huntin' him down if he tried to escape.
Lightning McQueen: Sally, Sally!
Kori Turbowitz: McQueen, will you still race for the Piston Cup?!
Sally Carrera: Stickers?!
Lightning McQueen: Sally!
Cameramen: Come on, give us some bolt! [Suddenly, a horn honks, and the press clear the way for Mack.]
Mack: YOU'RE HERE! Thank the manufacturer, you're alive!
Lightning McQueen: Mack?!
Mack: [Mack turning around] You're here! I can't believe it! [Sally then watches as she notices the picture on the side of Mack's trailer. Mack chuckles to McQueen] You are a sight for sore headlights! I'm so sorry I lost you, boss. I'll make it up to you...
Lightning McQueen: Mack, I can't believe you're here!
Harv: Is that the world's fastest racing machine?
Lightning McQueen: Is that "Harv"?
Mack: Yeah, he's in the back. [splits from his trailer, and McQueen turns around to the trailer door]
Houser Boon: Show us the bolt, McQueen!
Mack: [drives towards the press, and angrily] GET BACK, YOU OIL-THIRSTY PARASITES!
Houser Boon: Hey, where's the old McQueen?!
Mack: Actually, this is my good side here. [drives to a spot between McQueen and the press]
Cameramen: Show us the bolt!
Lightning McQueen: Harv! Harv!
Cameramen: Give us the bolt!
Lightning McQueen: [The trailer door then opens, showing no one in the trailer.] Harv?
Cameramen: Come on!
Harv: [on the phone, as it pops out] Kid, I'm over here!
Lightning McQueen: How you doing, buddy?
Harv: My star client disappears off the face of the earth! How do you think I'm doing?!
Lightning McQueen: Harv, I can explain...
Harv: I'm doing great! You're everywhere, baby, radio, TV, the papers! You can't buy this kind of publicity! What do you need me for?! That's just a figure of speech by the way you signed a contract. Where are you?! I can't even find you on my GPS.
Lightning McQueen: I'm in this little town called Radiator Springs. You know Route 66? It's still here!
Harv: Yeah, that's great, kid. Playtime is over, pal. While the world's been trying to find you, Dinoco has had no one to woo. Who are they gonna woo?
Lightning McQueen: [whispering] Chick...
Harv: Bingo, in fact, check out what's on the plasma right now.
[The TV in McQueen's trailer then shows some photographers with Chick, who now has a thundercloud, lightning bolt and "C" between his tire and front, and is seen with Mia and Tia, who have green paint and "C" merchandise.]

Cameramen: [on TV] Show us the thunder!
Chick: [on TV] You want thunder? You want thunder?! [reflects sunlight on the "C" insignia] Ka-chicka, ka-chicka! Ka-chicka! [laughing]
Lightning McQueen: Hey, that's my bit!
Harv: You've gotta get to Cali, pronto! Just get out of Radiation Stinks now, or Dinoco is history, you hear me?
Lightning McQueen: [noticing Sally beside the trailer] Just give me a second here, Harv. [drives to Sally]
Harv: No, no, wait, where are you going?! Get in the trailer, baby! Kid, you wa... You want a bigger trailer?!
Lightning McQueen: Sally, I want you to, look, I wish--[sighs]
Sally Carrera: Thank you. Thanks for everything.
Lightning McQueen: [sighs and laughs] It just a road.
Sally Carrera: No. It was much more than that. [The screen shows McQueen with tears in his eyes. Mack comes to McQueen]
Mack: Hey, kid! We gotta go! Harv's going CRAZY! He's gonna have me fired if I don't get you in the truck right now!
Lightning McQueen: Mack, just hold it for...
Sally Carrera: You should go.
Lightning McQueen: I know, but...
Sally Carrera: Good luck in California. I hope you find what you're looking for. [drives away]
Cameramen: McQueen, come on!
Lightning McQueen: [tries to follow Sally] Sally! [gets surrounded by the press]
Cameramen: Show us the bolt, McQueen! The bolt! Hey, Lightning, show us the bolt! Where's the old McQueen?! [The press make indistinct talk as McQueen is forced into the trailer, with Mack getting hooked up.]
Harv: Come on, kid, get in the trailer. That's it. That's right, kid, let's go! You're a big shining star. You're a superstar. You don't belong there, anyway.
Lightning McQueen: [As Harv is talking, McQueen takes one last look at the town and the whole of before the trailer door starts to close.] Whoa Wait Whoa Whoa Wait Wait! [The door closes, and Mack starts his engine as he gets going as other photographers are with Luigi, Guido and Red]
Cameramen: Hey, guys! McQueen's leaving in the truck! [The press then leave, following Mack and talking indistinctly. Kori then notices Doc near Ramone's House of Body Art, and comes to him.]
Kori Turbowitz: Hey, are you Doc Hudson?
Doc Hudson: Yeah.
Kori Turbowitz: Thanks for the call. [drives away]
Sally Carrera: [The screen then zooms out to show Sally and the whole.] You called them?
Doc Hudson: It's best for everyone, Sally.
Sally Carrera: Best for everyone, or best for you? [drives away, Doc is shown frowning, and Sally comes onto the main road to watch Mack and the press drive away with McQueen. The other townsfolk and the whole of are seen behind her, watching as well and wanting to cry. Doc then joins them.]
Tow Mater: I didn't get to say goodbye to him.
[Sally then drives to the Cozy Cone Motel, and turns the light on the sign off. The rest of the townsfolk, except Doc, go back to their buildings and turn off all of the neon lighting. A all drive and walk to the cones at the Cozy Cone, as Doc is left alone at the crossroad, and notices the traffic light buzzing and blinking its amber light once again.]

Bob Cutlass: [The screen then shows a hill and goes over it to show the Los Angeles International Speedway. Bob and Darrell are heard talking as Al Oft flies over, along with the spectators coming into the circuit.] Hello, race fans, and welcome to what has become, quite simply, the biggest event in the history of racing. A three way battle for the Piston Cup!
Darrell Cartrip: There's a crowd of nearly 200,000 cars here at the Los Angeles International Speedway. Tickets to this race are hotter than a black leather seat on a hot summer day!
Bob Cutlass: The King, Chick Hicks and Lightning McQueen in a 200 laps, winner-takes-all, tiebreaker race. [Then the screen fades to a different shot and moves to Darrell and Bob, who are in front of a couple of spectators, along with Todd the Pizza Planet truck and Elvis.]
Darrell Cartrip: You know I got a lotta miles on me, but let me tell you somethin' buddy. I never thought I'd see anything like this. Wow! Man, this is exciting! [The screen then shows several closed signs on different buildings as Bob is talking, such as a person turning a sign from "Open" to "Closed", the sign for the East Honkers Shopping Mall saying "Closed for race", and Emery ville's sign showing a label saying "Closed for the race", and at the end of Bob's line, the screen shows some trucks and drivers watching the race on TV.]
Bob Cutlass: In fact, the country has almost shut down, to watch what many experts are calling the race of the century. [The King's pit crew have finished putting a new set of tires on him, when Junior appears.]
Junior: Hey, King! Good luck in your last race. You've sure been an inspiration to me.
The King: Thanks, Junior. Appreciate it.
Lynda Weathers: Hey, be careful out there, okay?
The King: Yeah, mam. [Then the screen shows Chick with the press again, with Mia and Tia behind him.]
Mia: Oh! He's so hot!
Chick: [while the photographers are talking] Oh, yeah. You wanna know the forecast? I'll give you the forecast. A 100 percent chance of THUNDER! [the press take pictures as he poses] Ka-chicka! Ka-chicka! Say it with me! [the press join in] Ka-chicka! Ka-chicka! Ka-chicka!
[Meanwhile, a security officer named Marco Axelbender notices Fred while checking all of the spectators with another security officer.]
Security: [to Fred] Hey, you! No admittance without a garage pass.
Fred: Oh, it's okay. Lightning McQueen knows me!
Andretti: [coming up with Patty] Hey, Marco, it's a beautiful day for a race, isn't it?
Security: Absolutely, Mr. Andretti.
Andretti: [Fred chuckles] And good morning to you uh [looks at Fred's license plate] Fred.
Fred: Mario Andretti he knows my name! [to Marco] You gotta let me in now!
Security: Sorry, pal.
[The screen then moves and zooms in on Mack's trailer as the press surround it. McQueen's voice is heard.]

Lightning McQueen: Okay, here we go. Focus. Speed.
[The screen goes black.]

Lightning McQueen: I am speed.
[The screen then shows the same shot of race cars whizzes past as shown at the very beginning of the film, before going back to black.]

Lightning McQueen: Victory. 1 winner, 2 losers.
[The screen then shows the same shot of McQueen engine revving and racing from when he was preparing while inside Mack's trailer at the very beginning of the film.]

Lightning McQueen: Speed, speed, speed, speed...
[The sound of birds singing is then heard as the screen then shows the view of Radiator Springs from Wheel Well, before changing to show Mater, Sheriff, Luigi, Guido, Sarge, Fillmore, Red, Ramone, Flo and Lizzie while in the town, then it changes to show the whole of smiling while at just then, Mack knocks on the trailer's door.]

Mack: Hey, Lightning! Are you ready?
Lightning McQueen: [gasps] Y-yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm uh I'm ready. [McQueen then opens the door and comes out, noticing the press chattering indistinctly and taking pictures of him. The screen then shows an aerial view of the circuit, before coming back to the ground to show McQueen driving to Mack, who is wearing a headset.] Mack, thanks for being my pit crew today.
Mack: Na. Don't worry about it, kid. It's the least I could do. After all, "Gas Can" is my middle name.
Lightning McQueen: It is?
Mack: Nahh, not really.
[The Alpha numeros are then shown driving along the track, forming the words "Piston Cup" as the crowd cheers. Then the Convoy Brothers are shown shouting as the camera pans past them, showing a caravan drinking Dinoco Light, and Syd VanDerKamper sitting in an inflatable pool surrounded by little palm trees, Dinoco cans and plastic flamingos. Barney Stormin is then shown completing his skywriting of "Piston Cup", and then hears Marco, Stu Bop and another jet heading towards him.]

Small Airplane: Uh-oh! [Small airplane and flies out of the way. The jets then fly through the skywriting and over the circuit, where the crowd is cheering and laughing upon seeing them. Coriander Wide track giggles upon seeing them, wearing a Marco toy on her antenna. Two of the jets then fly away in different directions, as the screen then shows Artie and another announcer looking at the different cameras.]
TV Crew: Nelson! Zoom in. Ready, 16? Take 16. [One of the TV cameras then changes to show McQueen on the track with Chick and the King, as they warm up while behind Charlie Checker. While Bob and Darrell are talking, the cameramen aim their cameras at McQueen.]
Bob Cutlass: And there he is; "Lightning McQueen"! Missing all week, and then he turns up in the middle of nowhere! In a little town called Radiator Springs.
Darrell Cartrip: Wearing whitewall tires, of all things. [McQueen grunts and as Chick's "C" sticker shines sunlight over his eyes]
Chick: Ka-chicka, Ka-chicka, Ka-chicka! [laughs] Hey, where you been? I've been kinda lonely. Nobody to hang out with. I mean, except the Dinoco folks. Aw, and the twins. Of course. You know the twins the one that used to be your fans, but now they're my fans. Anyway, listen to what the twins think...
[But then McQueen daydreams of when he sees Sally driving along the bridge beside the waterfall in then of and the rest of offering to teach him about the ways of friendship at the on. Just then, a green flag is waved as the screen then shows Dexter Hoover waving it to start the race. The King and Chick get on their way, but McQueen was not ready.]

Lightning McQueen: [Gasps] Shoot! [gets on his way]
Darrell Cartrip: Boogity, boogity, boogity, boys! Let's go racing!
[The screen shows the three race cars racing, as McQueen is a couple of seconds behind and catching up. The crowd is seen cheering, as the camera moves to show Lynda and Tex cheering on for the King.]

Lynda Weathers: Come on, you can do it!
Tex: Come on kid, make us proud, boy!
Bob Cutlass: Fifty laps down, and The King is still holding a slim lead.
Darrell Cartrip: [as McQueen gets beside Chick] Hey, McQueen's got a run on him! He's looking to the inside! [But then, Chick goes right in front of McQueen, causing him to brake.] Oh, Chick slammed the door on him!
Bob Cutlass: Chick's not making it easy on him today.
Darrell Cartrip: Oh, man, he lost so much momentum, and now he's gonna have to chase him back down!
[The screen changes to McQueen's point of view as he sees the King and Chick ahead. The screen then changes as McQueen daydreams again, showing him following Sally and the whole of driving, chuffing and flying through the woods, as soft music is heard along with birds singing. But when Sally splashes through the puddle, McQueen then notices he is heading towards the barrier, and turns away, with his brakes squealing, and spins off the track.]

Bob Cutlass: OH!!! McQueen spins out in the infield!
[Mia and Tia gasp along with the crowd. McQueen then comes to a stop on the infield.]

Chick: [chuckles] Just me and the old man, fellas. McQueen just doesn't have it today.
[Chick Hicks' Pit Crew all laugh. McQueen groans and drives back onto the track]

Mack: [through the radio] Hey, kid, are you alright?
Lightning McQueen: I don't know, Mack. I don't think I-
Doc Hudson: [through the radio] I didn't come all this way to see you quit.
[McQueen then looks to see Doc, the rest of the whole of and most of the Radiator Springs residents in his pit. Ramone has had a new paint job, being red with McQueen's bolt and the are shown wearing cheerleader outfits and holding pom-poms, while Doc has his original racing paint job and tires and a headset, which and also had to contact with McQueen on his radio.]

Lightning McQueen: Doc?
Guys: [everyone cheers]
Lightning McQueen: Guys, you're here! I can't believe this!
Doc Hudson: I knew you needed a crew chief, but I didn't know it was this bad.
Lightning McQueen: I thought you said you'd never come back.
Doc Hudson: Well, I really didn't have a choice. Mater didn't get to say goodbye.
Tow Mater: Goodbye! Okay, I'm good.
Lightning McQueen: [chuckles]
Doc Hudson: [McQueen then comes to the pits, as Mater holds the sign, which has Radiator Springs' logo on it. Fillmore and Sarge refuel McQueen, to McQueen] Alright, if you can drive as good as you fix a road, then you can win this race with you eyes shut. Now, get back out there! [McQueen then drives back out through the pit lane.] Hot snot, we are back in business! Guido! Luigi! You're goin' up against professional pit crews boys, you're gonna have to be fast.
Luigi: They will not know what bit them!
Doc Hudson: [to McQueen] Kid, [through the radio] you can beat these guys. Find a groove that works for you and get that lap back!
[McQueen then goes faster, going around the bends and catching up. Then the Dinoco pit crew notice Doc in his look, murmuring as they see him.]

Chick's Crew: Is that? Oh, wow. That's him!
TV Crew: Is that--? That's the Hudson Hornet! Bob, Darrell, the Hudson Hornet's back!
Bob Cutlass: Darrell, it appears McQueen has got himself a pit crew. And look who he has for a crew chief! [All of the cameramen turn their cameras to show Doc, and the crowd then notices him.]
Larry: Whoa! Look, man. It's the Hudson Hornet!
Albert Hinkey: Whoa!
R.M.: Well, dip me in axle grease and call me Slick! It surely is!
[A whistle is heard, and the crowd then cheers. The screen then shows a TV at Flo's V8 Cafe showing Doc, as Sally, Red and Lizzie are watching the race on TV back in Radiator Springs.]
Bob Cutlass: Wow, this is history in the making. Nobody has seen the racing legend in over 50-Years!
Lizzie: [noticing Doc on the TV, not realizing it is him] Hey, Doc! Come look at the fellow on the radio! He looks just like you!
[Sally giggles and Red chuckles. Then the screen shows McQueen catching up to the King and Chick, and he manages to get past.]

Bob Cutlass: McQueen passes them on the inside!
Darrell Cartrip: But he's still nearly a lap down!
Bob Cutlass: Can he catch up to them with only 60 laps to go?!
Doc Hudson: You're going great, kid. Just keep your head on.
Guido: Vai, vai, vai! [pushes a cart of tires away]
Chick's crew: Hey, shrimpie, where did McQueen find you, huh? Those round things are called tires, and they go UNDER THE CAR!
All Chick's Crew: [laughing]
Guido: [angered] Con chi credi di parlare?! Ma, con chi stai parlando?!
Luigi: No, no, no! You'll have your chance, you'll have your chance.
[McQueen is then seen racing, progressing through the race and managing to get to Chick and the King, as McQueen gets beside him]

Chick: Oh, kid's just trying to be a hero, eh? Well, what do you think of this?! [hits McQueen, causing him to spin] Yeah, that's it kid. [But McQueen manages to keep up with going backwards and past Chick.] What?!
Tow Mater: Whoa! GitRDone! [McQueen winks, and turns back around. Mater laughs] I taught him that. [poses to Chick's pit crew] KA CHOW!
Chick's Crew: [getting their eyes hit by the sunlight reflecting off Mater's wing mirror] AH!!!
Bob Cutlass: What a move by McQueen, he's caught up to the leaders?
Darrell Cartrip: Oh, yeah. This is what it's all about. A 3-way battle for the lead, with 10 to go!
Tex: [chortles] Look at that boy go out there!
Chick: [Chick then tries to get past McQueen, but gets blocked on several attempts. Chick gasps and grunts, before coming up beside McQueen]...No You don't! [presses against McQueen, causing a puncture in one of his rear tires]
Lightning McQueen: Doc, I'm flat! I'm flat!
Doc Hudson: Can you get back to the pits?
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, yeah. I think so.
Doc Hudson: [noticing Dexter waving a yellow flag] Hey, got a yellow. Bring it in. Don't tear yourself up, kid. [Charlie Checker then comes out in front of the King and Chick.]
Mack: We gotta get him back out there fast or we're gonna be a lap down, and we'll never win this race!
Doc Hudson: Guido, it's time.
Chick Crew: Hey, tiny, you gonna clean his windshield?! [everyone laughing]
[As McQueen comes into the pits, Guido throws the new tires up in the air, quickly takes off the old tires and catches the new tires, and puts them on, lasting four seconds, before McQueen gets going again. Chick's crew then feel shocked, and all of the pities' grilles, except the one of Wide Chick Pity, fall off.]

Darrell Cartrip: I don't believe it!
Bob Cutlass: That was the fastest pit stop I've ever seen!
Darrell Cartrip: It was a great stop, but he's still gotta beat that pace car out!
Bob Cutlass: It's gonna be close!
[McQueen manages to get back in front of Charlie. His pit crew and then cheer.]

Tow Mater: Yeah!
Biggest Fan: [All of the crowd holler.] Yeah, baby!
Fans: Yeah! [laughing]
Darrell Cartrip: Yeah! He's back in the race!
Guido: [blows his wheel gun] Pit stop?
[Then Wide Chick Pitty's grill falls off. All of McQueen's pit crew and then cheer for Guido.]

Luigi: Guido, you did it!
Tow Mater: Way to go, Guido!
Ramone: Yeah!
[McQueen manages to catch up to the other racers as Charlie comes back in. The crowd is seen again, cheering, before the camera shows Dexter waving the white flag.]

Bob Cutlass: This is it. We're heading into the final lap and McQueen is right behind the leaders. What a comeback!
Darrell Cartrip: A hundred and ninety-nine laps, and, baby, it all comes down to this!
Doc Hudson: This is it, kiddo. [through the radio to McQueen] You've got 4 turns left, 1 at a time. Drive it in deep and hope it sticks...GO!
[McQueen closes in, revving his engine, and is about to pass Chick, who tries get in front again, but McQueen swerves and goes to the other side.]

Chick: We'll see about that! [tries to get in front of McQueen, who then brakes, causing Chick to press against the wall, and making McQueen able to go past]
Bob Cutlass: McQueen's going inside! [But then, Chick rams McQueen off the track, and then hits the King, causing them both to serpentine.] Chick and The King are loose!
Darrell Cartrip: I think McQueen is out of the race! [McQueen suddenly gets a thought, and turns his front tires right, impressing Doc and surprising the team as it helps McQueen to get back on the track and past the King and Chick.] McQueen saved it!
Bob Cutlass: He's back on the track!
Doc Hudson: Float like a Cadillac...
Lightning McQueen: Sting like a Beemer!
Albert Hinkey: Ka-chow, ka-chow, ka-chow!
Fans: Wow!
Folks: Yaaaaaah! [laughing]
Darrell Cartrip: Lightning McQueen is gonna win the Piston Cup!
Sally Carrera: C'mon, you got it, you got it, Stickers!
Chick: [grunts as the King keeps blocking him] Argh! I am not coming in behind you again, old man. [then he rams the King off the track, causing him to go through the air, hitting the infield several times and spinning, before coming to a stop, having huge damage. The crowd gasps at what happened.]
Lynda Weathers: Oh, no.
[Doc feeling and looking shocked. Then McQueen notices on the circuit's television screen what has happened, then the screen changes to show the newspaper about Doc's crash. Realizing what had happened to Doc, McQueen grinds to a halt before reaching the finish line, leaving the crowd shocked and puzzled. Chick crossing the finish line]

Chick: Yeah! Whoo-hoo! [goes onto the infield and spins around] I won, baby! Yeah! Oh, yeah!
Flo: What's he up to, Doc?
[Doc then gets a smile before McQueen drives backwards towards the King. The injured King grunts and moans.]

The King: What are you doing, kid?
Lightning McQueen: I think The King should finish his last race. [begins to push the King along the track]
The King: You just gave up the Piston Cup, you know that?
Lightning McQueen: Aw, this grumpy old racecar I know once told me something. It's just an empty cup.
[Doc smiles, as well as the crowd.]

Bob Cutlass: Darrell, is pushing on the last lap legal?
Darrell Cartrip: Hey, man. He's not really pushing him. He's just giving him a little bump draft.
Chick: [still cheering] Whoa HoHoHoHo! [stops spinning upon noticing something] Hey! What?! What's going on?!
R.M.: That's what I call racing right there.
Tex: [laughing]
[McQueen pushes the King across the finish line, which Dexter waves the checkered flag, and the crowd cheers wildly, throwing merchandise in the air.]

Luigi: Bravo il mio amico!
Tow Mater: Way to go, buddy!
Fillmore: There's a lotta love out there, you know, man?
Sarge: Don't embarrass me, Filmore.
Lizzie: That's my hot rod.
[Red and Sally also smile. Then the camera shows Chick on the stage as he is surrounded by Mia, Tia and the press, who are all frowning, standing still and remaining quiet.]

Chick: Come on, baby, bring it out! Bring out the Piston Cup. Ka-chicka, ka-chicka! [The trophy appears next to him.] Yeah-ha-ha! Now, that's what I'm talking about! Hey! How come I'm the only one celebrating is me, huh?! Where are the girls?! Bring on the confetti! [gets shot at by the confetti] Ow!! Ow!! Easy with the confetti. What's going on? Come on, snap some pictures. I gotta go sign my deal with Dinoco! Ka-chicka! Say it with me. Ka-chicka, ka-chicka, ka-chicka!
Cameramen: Boo!
Mia & Tia: Boo!
Chick: What's wrong with everybody? [gets hit by a tire] Ow! Where's the happiness?! [as the press, Mia and Tia all throw tires, shoes, "C" merchandise, oil cans and cartons at him] Hey! This is the start of the Chick era! [leaves with his trophy. Meanwhile, McQueen pushes the King back to the Dinoco stage. Lynda then kisses McQueen on the cheek.]
Lynda Weathers: Thanks, Lightning.
Lightning McQueen: You're welcome. [leaves]
R.M.: Way to go, King! You're still the car!
Albert Hinkey: You're The King! Yeah!
Rust-eze Folks: [The crowd then cheers, before McQueen comes back to the Rust-eze team and who are laughing and cheering.]
Rusty: You make us proud, kid!
Mack: Congrats on the loss, me bucko!
Doc Hudson: You got a lotta of stuff, kid.
Lightning McQueen: Thanks, Doc.
Tex: Hey, Lightning. How about coming over here and talk to me a minute? Son, that was some real racin' out there. How'd you like to become the new face of Dinoco?
Lightning McQueen: [feeling surprised, looks towards the Dinoco team, which Rotor Turbosky winks] But I didn't win.
Tex: Lightning, there's a whole lot more to racing than just winning.
Dusty: He was so rusty, when he drove down the street buzzards used to circle the car!
Folks: [laughs]
Lightning McQueen: [looking towards them] Thank, you, Mr. Tex, but these Rust-eze guys over there gave me my big break. I'm gonna stick with them.
Tex: Well, I sure can respect that. Still, you know, if there's ever anything I can do for you, just let me know.
Lightning McQueen: I sure appreciate that, thank you... Actually, there's 1 thing...
Tow Mater: [riding in Rotor Turbosky, Dinoco is helicopter, over Radiator Springs] WHOO-HOO! [laughs] Hey, look at me! I'm flying, by golly! Whoo-hoo! [as most of the Radiator Springs residents watch from the ground] I'm happier than a tornado in a trailer park! [Then the screen shows Luigi and Guido looking at their tire shelves in their store.]
Luigi: [to Guido] I think it's about-a time we redecorate.
Michael Schumacher: [arriving with Antonio Veloce Eccellente and Costanzo Della Corsa] CHOW! Hi, Lightning McQueen told me this was the best place in the world to get tires. How about setting me and my friends up with three or four sets each?
Luigi: [Gasps] Guido! There is a real Michael Schumacher Ferrari in my store. A REAL FERRARI! Punch me, Guido, punch me in the face! This is the most glorious day of my life! [Faints]
Michael Schumacher: Whoa, [speaks Italian to Guido] spero che il tuo amico si riprenda. Mi dicono che siete fantastici.
[Guido faints as well. Then the screen shows the Wheel Well, and moves to show Sally looking at it, Sally sighing. Then she hears the sound of an McQueen engine revs, Sally gasping and turns to see McQueen appearing with a new paint job and also the whole of and they Sally giggles and McQueen laughs]

Sally Carrera: Just passing through?
Lightning McQueen: Actually, I thought I'd stop and stay awhile, I hear this place is back on the map.
Sally Carrera: It is?
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, there's some rumor floating around that some hotshot Piston Cup racecar is setting up his big racing headquarters here.
Sally Carrera: Really? Well, there goes the town.
Lightning McQueen: You know, I really missed you, Sally.
Sally Carrera: Well, I create feelings in others they themselves don't understand and, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Lightning McQueen: [chuckles as they move slowly toward each other, Mater appearing onboard Rotor]
Tow Mater: McQueen and Sally parked beneath the tree, K-i-s-s... auuu... i-n-t!
Lightning McQueen: Great timing, Mater!
Tow Mater: [as Rotor flies away] Hepnon, hiphep, hilililly! Wheeeeeee!!
Lightning McQueen: [to Sally] He's my best friend. What're you gonna do?
Sally Carrera: So, Stickers. Last 1 to Flo's buys?
Lightning McQueen: I don't know. Why don't we just take a drive?
Sally Carrera: Hmm, nah. [quickly drives away]
Lightning McQueen: Yeah, KaChow. [follows Sally and as they race each other, while John Mayer's version of "Route 66" plays, with Mater yelling while riding in Rotor.]
Tow Mater: YEEEEEEHHOOOOOOOOO!
[The screen shows as the map is shown, with Radiator Springs' location added back on. Then it shows some of the traffic on the Interstate 40 driving to Radiator Springs, and a recreation of the flashback, with a couple of differences such as having the current Radiator Springs logo on the sign, Mia and Tia in their "Lightning McQueen" paint jobs working as waitresses at Flo's V8 Cafe, and Mater being enthusiastic instead of towing a car to the cafe. Then Fred is shown on the crossroad, jumping around and showing stickers from Lizzie saying the names of Kingman, Barstow and San Bernadino at the same time as the names are mentioned in the lyrics of the "Route 66" song, before he then stops, with his front bumper falling off. Next, it shows Sheriff sleeping next to the billboard, when Boost, Wingo, DJ and Snot Rod speed past, causing Sheriff to chase after them with his siren on. It then skips to when Sheriff presses the button to close the impound gate, as it shows the Delinquent Road Hazards in the impound with parking boots on. Snot Rod sniffs and sneezes. The camera then shows the Glenrio Motel being changed to the Racing Museum, as Mater, guide Junior, the King and Lynda inside.]

Tow Mater: All right, everybody please keep together now. We is now entering the Doc Hudson wing of the museum. [shows them the part that mentions Doc having 27 wins in 1952]
Junior: Whoa. Unbelievable. That many wins in a single season.
The King: He's the real deal, Junior. The Hudson Hornet was my inspiration.
Lynda Weathers: [to Mater] Excuse me, son. Is Doc Hudson here today?
Tow Mater: Sorry, Mrs. The King, I think Doc went out for a drive or something.
[The camera then moves over as it shows McQueen racing with and Doc.]

Lightning McQueen: Whoo! Whoo!
Doc Hudson: Yeah! Well, you sure ain't no dirt boy.
Lightning McQueen: Not today, old man. I know all your tricks. [Doc growls and turns towards the cliff. McQueen stop and look down the edge, thinking Doc fell in a cactus patch.] Doc! Doc!
Doc Hudson: [But Doc did not wind up in a cactus patch because he is seen jumping back to the ground level McQueen are on.] Whoo-ah! Not all my tricks, rookie!
[Then the camera shows a close-up of Bessie blowing a bubble of tar, which bursts and causes tar to land on the Delinquent Road Hazards, who all grumble as they are paving the other road going to the crossroad. Then the screen shows McQueen and Sally reopening the Wheel Well Motel, which everyone, including Mater, Luigi, Michael Schumacher, Costanzo, Lizzie, Ramone, Flo, Fillmore, Sheriff, Sarge, the whole of and several visitors, all cheer. Then the screen shows a sign saying "Sarge's SUV Boot camp", before showing Sarge training T.J. Hummer, Charlie Cargo, Frank "Pinky" Pinkerton and Murphy.]

Sarge: Attention! Kiss the pavement goodbye, gentlemen. When I'm finished, you'll have mud in places you didn't know you had!
T.J. Hummer: Yo, I've never been off-road!
Sarge: [drives towards him] Well, that's gonna change right now! About face! [Charlie Cargo, Murphy and Frank Pinkerton quickly turn around the other way, while T.J. steps slowly around.] Drop and give me 20 miles! [Charlie, Frank Pinkerton and Murphy then drive off the road onto the dirt, while T.J. is still stepping around slowly] Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go!
T.J. Hummer: [driving on the dirt] Man, now I got dirt in my rims!
Tow Mater: [Then the screen shows Mater fishing items from a valley. His hook hits something metal.] Huh? [to McQueen] Look at this! It's my hood, it's my hood, I ain't seen this thing in 20 years! [puts his hood on, with his voice now sounding funny] Well, it fits perfectly. How do I look? [As Mater sneezes, his hood falls off and back into the valley] Nah, dang.
[Then the camera shows visitors entering the Radiator Springs Drive-In Theater, as the sign shows that Toy Car Story is playing. McQueen, Mater, Mia, Tia, Mack, the rest of the residents and the whole of are watching as well. As they watch each movie throughout the scene, a couple of tractors appear behind the fence, increasing throughout the scene, with Frank appearing at the end.]

Woody Car: YOU ARE A TOY CAAAAAAAAR!!!
Buzz Lightyear Car: You're a sad, strange little wagon and you have my pity. Farewell! [drives away]
Woody Car: Oh, yeah?! Well, good riddance, you loony!
Hamm Car: Hey, I hate to break up the road rally, guys, but there! Birthday guests to three o'clock!
Mack: [chuckling] Hohoho. Oh, man! Whoever does the voice of that piggy truck, I'm telling ya, he's one great actor!
Mike Car: [Then it shows Monster Trucks, Inc. being shown.] We're banished, genius! Stuck out here in this wasteland without chains!
Sulley Truck: But, Mike, the Boomobile's in trouble! She needs our help!
Mike Car: You're still not listening! [Mike Car and Sulley Truck gasp as he sees the Yeti.]
Abominable Snowplow: Welcome to the Himalayas! Snow cone?
Mack: Oh, that Abominable Snowplow is quite the comic thespian!
Flik Car: [Then it shows A Bug's Life being shown.] Just get in there! Go, go go go! [to the Circus Bugs] Circus cars?! How can you be circus cars?!
P.T. Car: [appearing in front of the Circus Bugs.] These are the lousiest circus cars in the world, and they're gonna make me rich!
Mack: Wait a minute here. They're just using the same actor over and over. What kind cut rate production is this?!
[The screen fades as the epilogue ends. The actual end credits then show like this as "Find Yourself" play. Afterwards, a post-credits scene is shown, where Van and Minny are lost in a desert, covered in dust, and with tumbleweeds stuck to their tires and inside Van's luggage carrier.]

Minny: [moans] Oh, for the love of Chrysler, can we please ask someone for directions?!
Van: No! There's an on ramp close! I know it, I can feel land! [laughs while almost driven to insanity.] Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha oh!
[Then a fly flies into the screen, leaving a mark, looking around for a few seconds, before flying away. The company logos are shown, ending the film]

[End of Cars]
